REGULATION

against
(voluntary) unemployment.

Upon annulment of the regulation of the same title issued on August 15, 1915 (Law and Regulatory Journal No. 108, p. 889), I enact the following —

_ Article 1.

Anyone who, during investigations aimed at determining their neediness, knowingly and willingly or through negligence provides false information about their personal condition, will be punished with imprisonment for a maximum of six weeks, unless existing laws prescribe a higher penalty; in addition, a fine of up to 1000 marks may be imposed.

Article 2.

Anyone who refuses to accept or continue employment offered to them that matches their skills, without sufficient reason, although they are supported by public or private means or become needy by their refusal, will be punished with imprisonment from fourteen days to one year.

Sufficient reason must particularly include any ground based on international law.

Instead of being prosecuted judicially, they may be delivered by order of the Governors and commanders with equal rights, as well of the District chiefs, to compulsory labor.

Article 3.

Anyone who knowingly and willingly facilitates a refusal to work punishable under Article 2 by providing assistance or in any other way, will be fined up to 10,000 marks, in addition to which imprisonment for up to 2 years may be imposed.

Article 4.

Should municipalities, societies, or other institutions facilitate refusal to work according to Article 3, the penalty will be imposed on the leading persons.

Article 5.

Monetary sums proven to serve as aid to the persons mentioned under Article 2 will be forfeited for the benefit of the Belgian Red Cross.

Article 6.

The courts-martial and military commanders are authorized to deal with violations of Articles 2-4 of the Regulation and with violations of Article 1 of the Regulation committed against German authorities or troops and against authorities or associations appointed by me.

The chambers of the Belgian courts of First Instance are competent in cases of violations of Article 1 of the Regulation which, according to the preceding clause, do not fall under the jurisdiction of the courts-martial and military commanders.

Brussels, May 15, 1916.

The General-Governor in Belgium,
Freiherr VON BISSING,
Colonel-General.