Announcements from the German General Government.

BERLIN, 22 June. Briefing from today noon.

Western theatre of war.

On the western canal bank, we repelled attacks on farms we occupied northwest of Dixmude. North of Arras, artillery battles were intense yesterday. Around midnight, we repelled a French assault in the maze south of Neuville. After successful mine explosions west of Perthes in Champagne, we advanced our position slightly. On the Meuse hills, hand-to-hand fights lasted all day under intense cannon fire. Around three o'clock this morning, we counterattacked, nearly completely clearing our trenches of the enemy, taking 130 prisoners. A weak attack attempt at Marcheville was thwarted. In the area east of Lunéville, outpost skirmishes at Lemetrey developed again. In the Vosges, we voluntarily withdrew to east of Sondernach, on the eastern bank of the Fecht, without being harassed by the enemy. New attacks near the Hilsenfirst heights inflicted heavy losses on the enemy. Our aircraft dropped bombs on the airfield near Courcelles, west of Reims. Enemy aircraft bombs did no military damage in either Bruges or Ostend.

Eastern front.

The situation remains unchanged.

Southeastern front.

North and west of Lemberg, battles continue. Last night, the Russians had to evacuate their positions west of Zolkiew. Since 12 June — on which date the last offensive movement began from the region of Przemyśl and Jaroslaw — the German forces, in conjunction with the Austro-Hungarian corps fighting in our center, have captured 237 officers and 58,800 enlisted men, along with 9 cannons and 136 machine guns.

CONSTANTINOPLE, 21 June. The General Headquarters reports: On the Dardanelles front, there was an exchange of light artillery and rifle fire yesterday at Ari Burnu. In the afternoon, our fire halted an enemy attack on our left wing at Sedd-el-Bahr. The enemy had to flee back to their trenches with significant losses. A general assault on our front at Sedd-el-Bahr was also repelled this morning. Our Anatolian coastal batteries once again successfully shelled enemy destroyers, minesweepers, artillery, supply trains, ammunition depots, and aircraft sheds; they destroyed one enemy aircraft and damaged another. In response, the enemy dropped over 30 bombs on these batteries, causing no damage. On the other fronts, the situation remained unchanged.