"Announcements from the German General Government.

VIENNA, 10 May. (Official report from yesterday.) Following the driving out of the enemy from their high positions, our columns crossed the border ridge of the Carpathians. Hungary is cleansed of enemies. The battle continues on Galician territory. The enemy retreats over a front of more than 200 kilometers: from the Vistula to the Uzsok Pass. Victorious, the allied armies advanced fighting over the line Uzsok Pass-Komancza-Krosno-Debica-Seczucin. Near the Uzsok Pass in the Carpathian region and on the front in S.E. Galicia, fairly intense battles also broke out. We captured several Russian positions. On the heights northeast of Ottynia, significant enemy forces attacked our troops. The battle is still ongoing there. Yesterday, our troops stormed the heavily fortified bridgehead Zaleszczyki, which the enemy tried to hold in desperate fights for weeks. We pursued the Russians across the Dniester and captured 3,500 of them.

BERLIN, 10 May. On 7 May, our coastal batteries destroyed the English destroyer "Maori" off the coast of Zeebrugge. The destroyer "Crusader," which tried to approach to provide assistance, was forced to retreat and abandon its launched lifeboats. Our vessels rescued the entire crew of the "Maori," as well as those from the lifeboats of the "Crusader," and brought them, — in total 7 officers and 88 sailors, — to Zeebrugge.

BERLIN, 10 May. We learn from a reliable source that the "Lusitania" had 5,400 cases of ammunition on board and that the cargo largely consisted of it.

BERLIN, 10 May. From an indisputably certain source, it is reported that the English troop transport ship "Norrian" on its voyage from Liverpool to St-Nazaire, from 13 to 15 February, sailed under the Danish flag. Only upon entering the port of St-Nazaire did the ship hoist the English flag.

ROTTERDAM, 10 May. The “Nieuwe Rotterdamsche Courant” reports: The fishing boat "Saint-Louis" from North Shields was torpedoed by a German submarine.

LONDON, 10 May. The price of bread will be set from Monday at 9 pence per 4 pounds; for two loaves, the price will be 52½ pence."