The claim of the British Government that the violation of Belgian neutrality caused its intervention in the current war has already been shown by the statements of Mr. Edmond Grey to be unsustainable. The moral indignation with which the German invasion of Belgium has been exploited by the English side to incite neutral countries against Germany is further elucidated in a new and peculiar way by certain documents discovered by the high command of the German army in the archives of the Belgian general staff. Contents from the dossier titled: ENGLISH INTERVENTION IN BELGIUM reveal that as early as 1906, plans were provided for sending a British Expeditionary Force to Belgium in the event of a Franco-German war. According to a recently discovered document dated April 10, 1906, sent to the Belgian Ministry of War, the Belgian general staff, together with the British military attaché in Brussels, Lieutenant Colonel Barnardiston, had during this time, and on the latter’s initiative, in repeated consultations, drawn up detailed plans for joint operations against Germany by a British expeditionary force of 100,000 men with the Belgian army. This plan was approved by the head of the British general staff, who also gave information regarding the strength and organization of the expeditionary force, places for embarkation, and time estimates for the crossing, which were provided to the Belgian general staff. Based on this information, the Belgian general staff meticulously prepared for the transport, deployment, accommodation, and maintenance of the British troops in Belgium, down to the specifics of interpreters and Belgian police officers to be made available to the British, and the necessary maps were to be provided. 

The English supplies were to be moved to Antwerp as soon as the North Sea was cleared of German warships. According to the English attaché, a Belgian espionage service was to be set up in the Rhineland. 

These military documents found a valuable complement in a report sent to the Minister of Foreign Affairs by GREINDL, who for many years was the Belgian ambassador to Berlin. This report, which is also among the secret papers, reveals with great insight the ulterior motives underlying the English proposal and draws attention to the precarious situation in which Belgium had placed itself by choosing to favor the powers of the "Entente". In this extensive report, dated December 23, 1911, GREINDL states that the plan for the defense of Belgian neutrality in an Entente war does not address the question: What measures would need to be taken if Germany were to violate Belgian neutrality? Though an attack by France through Belgium was equally likely. The Minister elucidated word by word the following: 

From the French side, there exists not only the danger from the south of Luxembourg. Our entire border is threatened. To respond to this, we should not make assumptions; we have positive data. 

The idea of a sweeping movement along the north formed part of the "Entente Cordiale" plans. Otherwise, the plans for the defense of Vlissingen would not have caused such outbursts in Paris and London. They did not hesitate to explain why they wanted the river to remain undefended. It was to allow the easy transport of an English garrison to Antwerp. Thus, to secure an operational base here for an offensive in the direction of the Lower Rhine and Westphalia and to drag us with it, which would not have been difficult. After surrendering our national forts, we would have deprived ourselves of every means to resist the demands of our questionable protectors whom we so imprudently permitted. The simultaneously treacherous and naive proposals from Colonel Barnardiston at the closing of the "Entente Cordiale" make clear what the situation would have been if it had become apparent that we did not allow ourselves to be intimidated by the asserted threat of closing the Scheldt estuary. The plan was not discarded, but was modified in such a way that the English auxiliary corps would not be disembarked on the Belgian coast but in the nearest French ports; this was confirmed by Captain Faber's disclosures, which have not been refuted, nor have the reports from newspapers that confirmed or supplemented them in parts. This English army landing in Calais or Dunkirk would not go across our border to reach Germany. It would quickly penetrate our territory from the northwest, providing them with the advantage of immediately taking action, meeting the Belgian army, should it dare to engage in a battle in an area without any fortifications to rely on; seize provinces rich in resources; in any case, prevent our mobilization or only allow it after obtaining definite commitments from us, ensuring that such mobilization would be in England's and its allies' favor. 

It is absolutely necessary to draw up in advance the plan of operations which the Belgian army would follow in this scenario, both for our military defense and for the direction of our foreign policy should war break out between Germany and France. 

These explanations, coming from a source unbiased by any presuppositions, reveal that Belgium concluded a one-sided agreement to the benefit of the powers of the "Entente" and that at some point it even considered violating Dutch neutrality. Moreover, it results from this that by listening to English instigations, the Belgian Government had made a serious breach of its duties as a neutral power. Compliance with its duties would have required the Belgian Government to provide for the possibility of a violation of Belgian neutrality by France in its defense plans and, in such a case, also to conclude agreements with Germany similar to those made with France and England. 

The documents found constitute documentary evidence of the Belgian understanding with the "Entente" powers, which fact was known by the German authoritative services before the war broke out. They justify our military action and confirm the information regarding the French intentions obtained by the high command of the German army. 

Let it open the Belgian people's eyes to those to whom they must attribute the calamities that have now befallen this unfortunate country. 

ON BEHALF OF 
VON MANTEUFFEL 

AN OFFICIAL 

AUTHENTIC COPY 

POSTER 

Documents found in the Belgian General Staff.