Notices from the German General Government.

LONDON, June 23. American papers reprint the following article from the Japanese newspaper "Tschugai Schogja Schimpo" of Tokyo:

"It would be insane to even consider sending troops to Europe. England will not treat us with friendship for long. Once England has achieved its goals, it will deny all its former helpers. We are equals to England. Now we must regret that we were compelled to help England due to a treaty. There is no longer any doubt that an understanding with Germany would have been much better for Japan’s future. The near future will bring serious complications. We will have to prove that we are a cultural state of the first rank and that we are on the same level of civilization as England and America. It is no secret that we do not need to fear these two powers, for our strength allows us to hold a colony on America's West Coast, which we have long desired. We must stockpile enormous quantities of artillery and munitions. America is now supplying weapons and ammunition to Germany's enemies; perhaps the day will come when Germany will, rightfully, supply us with weapons and ammunition against the United States of North America and against Australia. The German prisoners of war cannot deny that we have treated them chivalrously. Russia, France, and especially England do not treat German prisoners as befits men and heroes. No German who has fallen into Japanese captivity will have any complaint about their treatment by us. We have granted all their wishes and treated German women and children with respect and esteem. The blow we had to deal to Germany will be forgotten, and it can be repaired to Germany's satisfaction in some way. However, we cannot say anything more about that now. It also depends on the strength of German arms. There is no longer any doubt that Germany and Austria will triumph, even if new enemies emerge. On the day of reckoning, we will also be there and show the world that we have the right to call our country a cultural state, from which Germany's current enemies will learn what is meant by chivalry and justice. We have absolutely no reason to hate Germany. We hold its integrity in very high regard."