Regulation |

concerning the language of instruction in secondary educational institutions.

Revoking articles 1 to 5 of the law of 15 June 1883 on the use of the Dutch language in secondary education in Flanders and the law of 12 May 1910, regarding the study of modern languages in secondary education, higher grade, I decree the following:

Article 1.

In all educational institutions that fall under the application of the laws of 1 June 1850 and 15 June 1881, including the kindergartens, preparatory and other divisions attached to them, education will be provided in all subjects in the national language, Dutch, with the exception of the new foreign languages, which can be taught through these languages themselves.

In the municipalities Anderlecht-Kuregem, Brussels, Ixelles, Etterbeek, Saint-Gilles, Jette, Saint-Josse-ten-Noode, Koekelberg, Laeken, Molenbeek-Saint-Jean, Schaerbeek, Uccle, and Forest, this provision is applied with the following deviations:

1. The Minister of Science and Arts can, for a transitional period until 1 September 1925, allow special institutions or special divisions with French as the language of instruction for children whose inability to follow education through Dutch is proven.

The proof required for admission to these institutions or divisions can only be provided by a statement from the Minister of Science and Arts.

In all classes of these institutions or divisions, Dutch must be taught as a subject for at least six hours a week.

2. Outside these specially permitted institutions or divisions, Dutch will be introduced as the language of instruction at the start of the school year 1918/1919 in the kindergartens, in the first three years of the preparatory divisions of the secondary educational institutions, in the first year of the secondary educational institutions, lower grade, in the first three years of the secondary educational institutions, higher grade, and in the existing Flemish divisions.

Children who, at the beginning of the school year 1918/1919, have received education with French as the language of instruction for less than three years in the preparatory divisions of the secondary educational institutions or less than one year in the secondary educational institutions, lower grade, or less than three years in the secondary educational institutions, higher grade, will be placed in the special institutions or divisions mentioned in 1, if it is proven that they cannot follow education through Dutch.

3. For children who, at the beginning of the school year 1918/1919, have already received education with French as the language of instruction for the study years mentioned under 2, in the first sentence, French can remain the language of instruction. For these children, Dutch must be taught as a subject for at least six hours a week.

Insofar as Dutch is not yet the language of instruction, it will be introduced, starting with the school year 1919/1920, each year in a following study year.

Article 2.
Instruction in a second or more languages may only be given in the actual secondary education, not in the preparatory divisions.

Article 3.
From 1 January 1919, only those who either 1. hold an approved certificate of complete secondary studies, higher grade, issued by an institution where education is provided in accordance with the provisions of articles 1 and 2 of this regulation, or 2. have passed the preparatory exam, prescribed by articles 10 and 12 of the law of 10 April 1890, in Dutch, will be admitted to the exams of: candidate in philosophy and letters, candidate-notary, candidate in natural sciences, candidate in mathematics and physics, candidate-engineer.

Article 4.
This regulation comes into force on 1 September 1918. Preparatory measures must be taken without delay.

Article 5.
The Minister of Science and Arts is charged with the implementation of this regulation.

In very urgent cases, he can allow exceptions to the provisions of this regulation, but not for a longer period than three years from the entry into force of this regulation.

Article 6.
All provisions in conflict with this regulation are repealed as of 1 September 1918.

Brussels, 4 June 1918.

The General Governor in Belgium.

Freiherr VON FALKENHAUSEN,

Generaloberst.

Regulation |

concerning access to Public Offices.

10 April 1890
3 July 1891

Article 1.

From 1 January 1919, only those who have passed the required exam entirely in Dutch or who provide proof through a special exam that they are sufficiently proficient in Dutch to fulfill their office will be admitted to a public office of State, province, or municipality, for which passing a scientific or professional exam is required.

Article 2.
The further provisions regarding the organization of the special exam mentioned in article 1 and the appointment of the jury will be established by the Minister of Science and Arts.

Article 3.

Insofar as passing exams according to article 1 is not required for admission to public offices, candidates who have completed lower studies of the third grade in 1919 or later must submit the certificate of the third grade, which is provided for by the regulation of today, amending the law of 15 June 1914 to regulate primary education; from 1 September 1926, the certificate of the fourth grade must also be submitted, unless a certificate of secondary studies is submitted.

Article 4.

Diplomas granting the holder entire or partial exemption from one or more exams based on the relevant provisions will only be considered under this regulation if they are issued by institutions with Dutch as the language of instruction.

Amending article 49 of the law, I decree the following:

Brussels, 4 June 1918.

The General Governor in Belgium.

Freiherr von FALKENHAUSEN,

Generaloberst.