"Announcements from the German General Government. BERLIN, June 16. Official report this afternoon. Western front. As a result of the recent Russian defeats, the French and English attacked yesterday at many points on the western front with significant forces. The English succeeded in pushing back our position north of the Bellewaarde Pond, near Hooge, a little. The battle continues there. Two attacks by four English divisions between the street Estaires-La Bassée and the La Bassée canal failed completely. Our brave Westphalian regiments and parts of the guard brought there repelled the attack after bitter life-or-death fighting. This cost the enemy heavy losses. They left a number of machine guns and a mine thrower in our hands. After their defeats on June 13 and 14 at the Lorette Height, the enemy left our position, which the Badeners defended there with extraordinary stubbornness, untouched this time. At Moulin-sous-Touvent the battle continues. An enemy attempt to break through our lines in the Vosges between the valley of the Fecht and the Lauch failed. Only northwest of Metzeral and at the Hilsenfirst is fighting still taking place. Elsewhere all attacks have already been repelled. Eastern front. In the Davina sector (southeast of Mariampol), east of Augustowo, and north of Bolimow, Russian attacks have been repelled. On the Lipowo-Kalwaria front, we gained some ground again. We have taken some places there. 2,040 prisoners and 3 machine guns fell into our hands. Southeastern front. North of the upper Vistula, the troops under General von Woyrsch repelled the Russian attacks on the positions we took from the enemy on June 14. Yesterday the defeated Russian armies tried to stop the pursuit of the allied armies along the whole front between the San, north of Sieniawa and the swamps of the Dniester, east of Sambor. After a hot fight, they were driven out of all their positions by evening at Kieplice (north of Sieniawa) — southwest of the Lubaszów-Zawadówka sector (southwest of Niemirow) — west of Jaworów — west of Ladowa-Wisznia. We continue the pursuit. General von Mackensen's army has captured more than 40,000 Russians and seized 69 machine guns since June 12. The Russians have gained some ground between the swamps of the Dniester and Zurawno. The overall situation in this place is unchanged. CORRECTION: In the report of June 13, a printing error slipped into the 'Eastern front'. The incursion into the Russian position did not take place south, but indeed north of Bolimow, as could be seen from the report of June 12."