"Implementation Regulation for the regulation of 22 September 1917, concerning the regulation of the trade in beets, turnips, kohlrabi, and carrots of any kind:

Pursuant to Articles 3 and 4 of the regulation of 22 September 1917 regulating the trade in beets, turnips, kohlrabi, and carrots of any kind, the following is determined for sugar beets:

Article 1.

The sugar and syrup factories that are authorized by the Sugar Distribution Office (Zuckerverteilungsstelle) under Article 3 of the regulation of 18 July 1916 to utilize sugar beets are the only ones entitled to purchase the sugar beets. All sugar beets must be delivered to one of these factories. They may only be processed in those factories and according to the instructions of the Sugar Distribution Office. It is forbidden to sell sugar beets to other buyers, to process them elsewhere than in the authorized factories, to feed them to animals, or to consume them otherwise.

Article 2.

With a view to purchasing, the factories mentioned in Article 1 will conclude delivery contracts with the growers of sugar beets before 1 December 1917. All sugar beets must be delivered before 15 January 1918. Sugar beets that are not delivered before that date will be expropriated at a price yet to be determined. For sugar beets for which no valid delivery contract was concluded before 1 December 1917, this price will be set 20 francs per 1000 kg lower than for the beets for which such a contract was timely concluded.

Article 3.

For the transport of sugar beets by railway, ship, or axle, a permit from the Sugar Distribution Office in Brussels is required. The permits must be applied for at one of the sugar or syrup factories mentioned in Article 1. For transport by axle, a transport permit will be issued; for transport by railway or ship, the shipping documents will be stamped. The transport permit may be made dependent on certain conditions or performances. Once the transport is finished, and in any case within the period indicated in the transport permit or in the shipping documents, the proof or shipping papers must be returned to the office that issued them. The provisions of this article also apply to the transport of candy syrup and unmixed molasses. The permit must be applied for at the Sugar Distribution Office in Brussels.

Article 4.

It is forbidden:

1. to make false declarations to obtain a transport permit for sugar beets;
2. to fail to comply with the conditions set for the transport;
3. to use a transport permit or a stamped shipping document more than once or to retain them without having the right to do so (Article 3, 5th paragraph);
4. to transport sugar beets under a false description or mixed with other crops;
5. to alter or paste up a transport permit or stamped shipping documents, or to use thus altered or pasted documents.

Article 5.

Anyone who violates the provisions of this regulation or the instructions issued for its implementation shall be punished in accordance with the regulation of 22 September 1917 on the trade in beets, etc., with imprisonment or at least one year in prison or with a fine of at least 10,000 marks; both penalties may also be pronounced simultaneously. Moreover, the goods and means of transport may be confiscated.

Brussels, 29 September 1917. Namur, 29 September 1917.

The Chief Administrator for Flanders. The Chief Administrator for Wallonia.

SCHAIBLE. APOWEEL.

Explanation for the implementation of the regulation (A. 22928) of 31 July 1917 regarding the seizure and delivery obligation of structures and objects made of copper, brass, and bronze, in buildings and in other locations, and to my implementation announcement (H.G.R. 23166/II).

Class 20: Decorative objects.

The French translation of the word "Liergegenstände" (objets d’ornementation) has caused confusion. Therefore, I announce that the following should be considered as decorative objects within the meaning of this regulation: statues, fireplace garnitures, clocks (pendulum clocks), vases, flowerpots, etc., made of copper, brass, and bronze; however, ornaments attached to furniture with these metals do not fall under Class 20. The provisions of the other classes of the regulation are not modified hereby.

Brussels, 1 October 1917.

The Head of the Department for Trade and Industry at the General Governor in Belgium

Dr. von KOHLER."