"Announcements of the German General Government.

Daily German report. BERLIN, May 17. (Received message from this afternoon.)

Western front.

North of Ypres, west of the canal, we have given up our forward positions at Steenstraat and Het Sas and brought back the weaker forces occupying them to the main positions on the eastern canal bank, in order not to expose them to the heavy enemy artillery fire. The English still hold parts of our front trench that they occupied day before yesterday west of Nieuwkapelle. The fight continues. Near Ablain and Neuville, north of Arras, we repelled French attacks with considerable losses to the enemy. Infantry skirmishes of lesser importance took place at Ailly and in the Priest's Wood. Our airships effectively bombarded the war harbors of Dover and Calais.

Eastern front.

Enemy attacks were repelled in the vicinity of Eiragola and Czekiszki by the Dubissa River, as well as near Mariampol and Ludwinow, south of the Niemen. Among the prisoners we made at Szawle are recruits from the year 1916, who have been in service for only four weeks.

Southeastern front.

We continued our advance between the Pilica and the upper Vistula, as well as on the Sambor-Stryj-Stanislau front. Near Jarosław and north of this town, our troops succeeded in crossing the San River at several points. The battle for Przemyśl is underway.

BERLIN, May 16. According to the 'Berliner Zeitung am Mittag', the 'Lloyd' in Pest received the following report from Maidos, on the Gallipoli peninsula: An enemy attempt to land was finally thwarted yesterday at Kumkale, an enemy disembarkation at Sedd-el-Bahr was prevented. Near Ariburnu, the enemy's left flank was driven into the sea. The right flank only holds the last hill close to the coast. A whole division of the enemy landing troops was destroyed. On the battlefield, the English corpses lay piled up. The disembarked troops have lost over thirty thousand men in total.

LONDON, May 16. The 'Daily News' reports that the hunt for the Germans was incited by posters bearing inscriptions like 'Pursue them' and 'Away with the pigs!'. The government and police allowed this to happen.

LONDON, May 16. The tram workers' strike that broke out yesterday has taken a more serious turn. 7,000 workers have stopped working.

ATHENS, May 16. The English ambassador in Greece received news from the commanding admiral of the English Dardanelles fleet that German submarines are sailing in the Mediterranean Sea.

The General Government in Belgium."