Headquarters of the 4th Army. Wi, J. 9593.

ELE. O., August 12, 1916.

§ 1. — Annual peeled and unpeeled willow wands from 1 m to 1.80 m in length are requisitioned.
§ 2. — Anyone who has stock of willow wands is required to report it to the Commandantur by August 20 at 10 a.m., listing owner and storage location.

§ 3. — Anyone who has stock of willow wands is responsible for its proper storage.
§ 4. — The processing, trade, and transport of willow wands without the permission of the Etappen-Inspection (Wirtschaftsausschuss) is prohibited.
§ 5. — Punishable with up to 3 years' imprisonment and a fine of up to 10,000 Mark or one of these penalties:
1) whoever fails to report their stocks in time or falsely,
2) whoever fails to deliver their stocks upon request,
3) whoever processes, transports, or trades in the willow wands mentioned in § 1 without permission.

The willow wands will be seized in such cases.

Signed by German military authorities.

Der Chef des Generalstabes,
signed v. MUELLER, Lieutenant Colonel.

Mobile Etappen-Commandantur. J. Nr. 5203.

GHENT, August 29, 1916.

COLORED MATCHES (Sticks)

as well as all kinds of items used for fireworks are considered requisitioned. The use of these is strictly prohibited. Insp. I.

The Etappen-Commander,
v. WICK, Lieutenant Colonel.

Mobile Etappen-Commandantur. J. Nr. 3189

GHENT, August 30, 1916.

The processing of requisitioned willow wands is prohibited without the permission of the Etappen-Inspection (Wirtschaftsausschuss).

Basket makers, etc., are to be informed that for the manufacturing of green, fruit, and fish baskets, but not for the manufacturing of seats, travel baskets, etc., the willow wands will be released free of requisition.

For seats, travel baskets, etc., transport and conveyance permits will no longer be issued.

The Mayors are to inform the concerned parties of the above notification.

The Etappen-Commandant,
signed von WICK, Lieutenant Colonel.

Printing St-Antonius, Jos. Dooreman-Volckaert.