Announcements of the
German General
Government.

VIENNA, 26 June. (Official report from yesterday.)

Russian theater of war.

Between Halicz and Zurawno, the battle continues. On the northern bank of the Dniester, Russian counterattacks were repelled. Our attack progresses. Yesterday we advanced past Zydaczow and occupied Chodorow. Otherwise, the situation on the Dniester downstream to Halicz, as well as east of Lemberg, at Rawaruska and on the Tanew, remains unchanged. The southern bank of the San has been cleared of the enemy. In Poland, the allied troops are pursuing the Russian forces, which are retreating to Zawichost, Ozarow, and Sienno.

Italian theater of war.

On the Tyrolean and Carinthian borders, there is artillery fighting in many places. In the coastal border area, we repelled two enemy attacks east of Ronchi in the early morning. The enemy has heavily shelled the bridgehead at Görz and the edge of the plateau of Comen.

CONSTANTINOPLE, 25 June. The Headquarters announces: On the Caucasus front, the artillery battle with the enemy rearguards continued on June 24 in the mountain region near Kale Boghasi. A small skirmish took place in the area of Marman Boghasi. On the Dardanelles front, the guns thundered at Ari Burnu with intermittent fire during the night of June 25. At Sedd-ul-Bahr, the situation has remained unchanged since the last battle in which the enemy was driven back to his old positions. Since then, he has undertaken no movements of any significance. So far, we have not been able to even approximately determine the extraordinarily large losses of the enemy in the battle of June 21. Our artillery does not fire on the hospital ships that are continuously evacuating the wounded. On the night of June 25, one of our reconnaissance patrols from the right flank surprised an enemy unit in a trench at Sedd-ul-Bahr, destroyed it, destroyed the machine guns, and returned with 26 rifles, 9 boxes of ammunition, engineering materials, spare parts for machine guns, telephone equipment, and bombs as booty. From the other fronts, there is nothing to report. 

The General Government