"Announcements from the German General Government.

VIENNA, May 21. (Official report from yesterday.) East of Jaroslau and near Sieniawa, strong Russian attacks were repelled; the enemy suffered heavy losses. The allied troops made progress in an eastward and southeastward direction. In the battles on the upper Dniester, we captured 4,600 Russians. In an area north of Sambor, we expelled the enemy from their main defensive position. A village, 10 kilometers southwest of Mosciska, was taken by storm. On the Prut front, the situation is unchanged. North of Kolomea, a small counterattack yielded us 1,400 prisoners.

DARDANELLES, May 20. Wolff's Telegraph Bureau's special correspondent reports: Since the torpedoing of the “Goliath,” the fleet of the allies has not dared to enter the strait. Regularly, a few ships appear only briefly above the line Sedd-il-Bahr, only to retreat at the first shots from the coastal batteries. The battles on the European front are being continued successfully. The landing troops are being driven back further and further; they have lost several trenches.

ROME, May 20. Salandra presented a bill to the Chamber, which he explained extensively, granting the government extraordinary powers in case of war. The declarations of the prime minister were repeatedly interrupted by enthusiastic acclamations and the cry of "long live the war!"

ROME, May 20. With 407 votes against 44 and one abstention, the Chamber passed the bill concerning the government's authority in case of war. The result was greeted with general applause.

LONDON, May 19. (Reuter report.) Rumors are circulating in parliament that a coalition ministry will soon be formed. Three leaders of the Unionist Party had a meeting with Asquith today. It seems that Balfour, Bonar Law, Chamberlain, A.K. Smith, and Lord Derby will take seats in the cabinet. Haldane, Beauchamp, Lucas, and Harcourt would resign. It is also said that the first sea lord Fisher has resigned, and that Churchill will lay down the office of first lord of the admiralty but will continue to be part of the cabinet. Balfour is mentioned as Churchill's successor.

LONDON, May 20. According to a Reuter report, a German submarine has sunk the trawler "Chrysolite" from Hull, 40 miles from Kinnairds Head. The crew has been rescued.

ROTTERDAM, May 20. The mail that arrived here today from New York with the American steamship "Philadelphia" was opened en route by the English censor; even letters from Americans to Dutch people did not escape that scrutiny."