Reports from the German General Staff

BERLIN, June 12. (Official report of this afternoon.)

— Western front.

Enemy attacks were repelled in the dunes, northeast of Nieuwpoort, near Mannekensvere, on the eastern slopes of the Loretto heights, and in the area of Souchez. Yesterday, in hand-to-hand combat north of Écurie (Notre-Dame-de-Lorette), the French advanced twice with fresh forces. In the afternoon, we succeeded in completely driving the enemy from our positions; rifle fire thwarted a new French attempt in the evening. The retreating enemy suffered very heavy losses. Near Serre, southeast of Hébuterne, we began an advance from our second position.

— Eastern front.

Near Zoginia and Betygola, on the Dubissa, Russian advances failed. North of Prasnysz, our troops attacked, stormed a Russian position, and captured 150 prisoners, several machine guns, and mortars. At the Rawka, we penetrated an enemy position halfway between Bolimów and Sochaczew. So far, we have taken 500 Russians prisoner there.

— Southeastern front.

East of Przemysl, the situation remains unchanged. The army of General von Linsingen attacked the enemy, who advanced from the north against our flank. We recaptured Zurawno, which had to be evacuated the day before yesterday due to Russian attacks, and pursued the enemy at the bridgeheads near Mszana (northeast of Zurawno) and Zhydachiv. Enemy attacks near Halicz and Stanislau were repelled.

VIENNA, June 12. (Official.) The Italian submarine "Medusa" was torpedoed and sunk by one of our submarines in the northern Adriatic Sea. The second officer and four men have been captured.

LONDON, June 11. (Reuter report.) The Russian bark "Thousina" was torpedoed by a submarine at night. The crew has been brought safely to Queenstown ashore.

LONDON, June 12. The machinists and stokers of the coal mines in Dudley rejected the employers' offer of a 10% war bonus. They demanded 15% and have decided to strike on June 17 if their demands are not met. In that case, 10,000 miners would have to stop work.

LONDON, June 12. Weavers in a Rochdale (Lancashire) factory went on strike because the employers’ refusal to pay a 10% war bonus. Thereupon, the lockout was declared in nearly the entire Rochdale district, which has about 20,000 workers. A new crisis has arisen in the South Wales coal mines. Negotiations over the new wage scale have completely failed since the employers did not consider the workers’ demand to revise previous agreements.