"Proclamations of the German General Government. 

VIENNA, June 20. (Official report from yesterday.)

Russian theater of war.

The battle continues in Galicia. Austro-Hungarian and German troops stormed one position after another of the mutually connected Russian defensive works, both on and north of the Wereszyca. Grodek and Komarno are in our hands. On the northern front, the southern bank of the Tanew river was cleared of the enemy. After fierce fighting, Ulanow could be occupied. South of the upper Dniester, the attack of the allies is making good progress. The eastern wing of the army under Pflanzer repelled new Russian attacks bloodily.

Italian theater of war.

After the latest fruitless and costly forward movements of the Italians, calm prevails on the Isonzo front and near the Carinthian border, disturbed only by skirmishes and local artillery fire. Yesterday afternoon, our artillery at Plava already smothered a new attack in its bud. In the Tyrolean border area, the Italian detachments trying to attack the mountain passes east of the Fassadal were repelled everywhere. The enemy ceased his futile attacks on the Folgaria-Lavarone plateau. In the few "liberated" villages of the border area, the Italians oppress the population by appointing hostages and employing brutal coercive measures.

VIENNA, June 19. The day before yesterday and yesterday some of our cruisers and torpedo boats undertook a cruise near the Italian coast, from the imperial border to near Fano. They damaged the signaling installations at the mouth of the Tagliamento and near Pesaro, as well as the railway bridges over the Metauro and the Arcilla near Rimini. An Italian armored ship was sunk; the crew was rescued. All our warships have returned undamaged.

LONDON, June 19. The naval correspondent of the "Times" writes: The fact that German submarines have sunk no fewer than 73 ships since the beginning of the month of June throws a peculiar light on Churchill's declaration at Dundee that the submarine danger is now limited within fixed boundaries.

LONDON, June 19. — The steamship "Dulcie" (2,000 tons) was torpedoed by a German submarine near the coast of Suffolk without warning. The crew is saved except for one man.

LONDON, June 20. — The steamship "Ailisa" from Leith was torpedoed."