"Notice concerning the regulation on stock listing: inclusion of fabrics, manufactured and knitted goods, and ribbons in Belgium. In reference to Article 7, Section 8 of the Regulation of July 19, 1916, regarding the stock listing of fabrics, manufactured and knitted goods, and ribbons in Belgium, the 'Militä­risches Textil-Beschaffungsamt' has received a series of inquiries, to which the answers are found below:

1. The following fall under the application of the said Regulation and must therefore be declared: ready-made men's shirts, tulle for blouses, veils and veilettes, fabrics for furniture and carpets, fabrics for curtains (except number 10).

2. The note in number 19 of the Regulation indicates that cut-to-size, decorated table linen does not need to be declared.

3. Tubular fabrics (number 23) are understood to be those fabrics manufactured on a circular loom.

4. If the available stocks of the fabrics listed in number 23 exceed the maximum specified amount of one and the same quality not requiring declaration, the entire stock, therefore including the said maximum quantity, must be declared.

5. Children's suspenders do not need to be declared.

6. Fabrics located in dyehouses or bleaching facilities must be declared by both the dyers and bleachers as well as the owners. Once processing is completed in the specified facilities, these may send the fabrics back to the owners, but they must promptly inform the 'Militärisches Textil-Beschaffungsamt'; the owner is likewise required to inform that he has regained possession of his fabrics.

7. Fabrics imported from Germany after July 31, 1916, must be declared unless proof is provided that the raw fabric and yarns used in their production originated from neutral countries and, furthermore, crossed the German border after July 31, 1916.

8. Reference is hereby made to Article 1, Section 7 of the Regulation, which states that in case of doubt, the fabrics must first be declared.

9. 'Dish towels', as referenced in section III of the Overview, are also understood to include all sorts of drying towels.

Brussels, August 14, 1916.

Militärisches Textil-Beschaffungsamt."