Regulation

concerning the regulation of the butter trade.

Article 1.

From September 1, 1916, only the union of butter sellers, called "Fédération Nationale des Unions Professionnelles de Marchands et Producteurs de Beurre", the associated professional associations of traders, called "Unions Professionnelles Provinciales de Marchands et Producteurs de Beurre", and the members of these associations are allowed to trade in butter professionally. The regulations of the union of butter sellers are subject to my approval.

Trading in the sense of paragraph 1 does not include:

1. the non-professional buying and selling of butter, particularly by state and municipal authorities, consumer establishments and cooperatives, institutions of public interest, and other similar institutions,

2. the selling by the producer to consumers, to the union of butter sellers, to the associated professional associations of traders, and the members of these associations, as well as to the institutions mentioned under point 1.

Article 2.

Butter traders whose unreliability concerning their business dealings has been proven may be excluded from professionally trading in butter within the territory of the General Government by the chairman of the civil administration responsible for the area where the trading business is established.

The chairman of the civil administration can also impose restrictions on buying and selling butter by the institutions mentioned under point 1 of paragraph 2 of Article 1.

Article 3.

Persons authorized to buy butter must always be able to prove this. This provision does not apply to persons buying butter for personal consumption.

Article 4.

Violations of the above provisions are punishable by up to one year of detention or imprisonment, or a fine of up to ten thousand marks. Both penalties can also be imposed simultaneously. Additionally, the confiscation of the goods can be ordered.

Article 5.

Competent to adjudicate are the military courts and military commanders.

Article 6.

Article II of the Ordinance of February 12, 1916 (Law and Ordinance Gazette, p. 1625) is repealed.

Brussels, July 26, 1916.

The General Governor in Belgium,

Freiherr VON BISSING,

Colonel-General.