"Announcements from the German General Government.

BERLIN, June 26. (Official report from this afternoon.)

'Western theater of war.

The hand-to-hand combat, which had been raging for days without cease to oust the enemy from our positions, those he occupied north of Souchez and halfway between Souchez and Neuville, has ended. Last night the last French were driven out of our trenches. Last evening the enemy still attempted significant reinforcements to attack, both on either side of the Lorette heights and south of Souchez; but in vain. At Souain in Champagne, we partially blew up the enemy positions; east of Perthes, the French themselves destroyed a portion of their own positions due to unsuccessful mine detonations. West of Combres on the Meuse heights, fierce fighting occurred. On both sides of the Trench, the French attacked four times and always with fresh troops over a front breadth of about 3 kilometers. Each time they were halted by our fire. Where the enemy reached our trenches, they were beaten back with great losses in hand-to-hand combat. A counterattack led to the capture of an advanced enemy position west of the Trench; there the enemy still holds a small section of trench he conquered on June 20. The enemy made a few fruitless attacks on our outposts at Leintrey east of Lunéville. Since the first day of the great battle at Arras, our aviators have been contesting the enemy's air supremacy. Both sides have made sacrifices. Ours were not in vain: for several days we have achieved good success.

Eastern theater of war.

Württemberg regiments stormed some Russian positions south-east of Oglenda, north of Prasnyscz, and on both sides of the Murawka brook and maintained their positions, despite several, also strong, counterattacks. The spoils consist of 636 prisoners and 4 machine guns.

- Southeastern theater of war.

The army of General von Linsingen is making good progress on the northern bank of the Dniester. At Halicz, the enemy still occupies the right bank. Since the start of his attack across this river on June 23, this army has taken 3,500 prisoners. Between the Dniester and the area east of Lemberg, the pursuit continues.

The German General Government in Belgium.'"