Announcements from the German General Government.

BERLIN, June 14. (Official report from yesterday.)

Western battlefield.

Fighting with artillery at Nieuwpoort, Diksmuide, north of Arras, and at Hébuterne. In the dunes, we repelled weak enemy attack attempts. Southeast of Hébuterne, infantry battles are ongoing. Military facilities at Lunéville were bombed.

Eastern battlefield.

Northwest of Szawle our attacks made good progress. Kuze was captured by storm. Enemy counterattacks failed. 8 officers, 3,350 men, and 8 machine guns fell into our hands. Southeast of the Mariampol-Kowno road, fighting against Russian reinforcements coming from the south has again flared up. North of Przasnysz, we captured 150 more prisoners. The Russians launched fruitless night counterattacks on the positions south of Bolimow, from which we had driven them out. The captured positions are firmly in our possession. Our booty at this location amounts to 1,660 prisoners, 8 cannons, including 6 pieces of heavy artillery, 9 machine guns.

Southeastern battlefield.

Yesterday, we recaptured the bridgehead of Sieniawa. The enemy lost more than 5,000 men as prisoners. Enemy night attacks failed. East of Jaroslaw and Przemysl, the fighting has also flared up again. The troops of General von Linsingen have taken Mlyniska. The attack on Zydaczow continues with good success.

CONSTANTINOPLE, June 13. The Headquarters reports: On the Caucasus front, the Russians — who on June 9 had to halt their advance on Olty due to our counterattacks — lost about 1,000 men in a battle. We captured 2 officers and a number of soldiers. In the night of June 9 to 10, the enemy tried to attack our right wing at Ari Burnu on the Dardanelles front after midnight; however, he was repelled with heavy losses. During the same night, our fire thwarted an attempt by enemy detachments to approach our left wing at Sedd-ul-Bahr. On the morning of June 11, we destroyed a machine gun covering the enemy's retreat. We saw part of the enemy troops abandon the trenches and flee. On June 11, fire continued intermittently at Sedd-ul-Bahr and at Ari Burnu. Our Anatolian batteries shelled enemy transports, camps, and the landing bridge at Sedd-ul-Bahr on June 10. These batteries also opened a well-directed fire on the enemy artillery west of Hissarlik. There is nothing to report from the other battlefields.

The General Government.