Announcements from the German General Government.

VIENNA, June 22. (Official.) Our army captured Lemberg today after a fierce battle.

BERLIN, June 21. (Official.) On June 20, one of our submarines attacked a British armored cruiser approximately 100 nautical miles east of the Firth of Forth, which apparently belonged to the Minotaur class. The torpedo hit its target. However, the submarine could not verify the outcome.

COLOGNE, June 21. The "Cologne People's Newspaper" reports: The German cardinals von Bettinger (Munich) and von Hartmann (Cologne) have sent the following telegram to the Emperor: "Outraged by the slander cast by the book 'The German War and Catholicism' on the German fatherland and its glorious army, we cannot refrain from expressing to Your Majesty in the name of the entire German episcopate our deep disappointment about it. We shall consider it our duty to complain to the Head of the Church." The Archbishop of Cologne received the following reply: "I thank you and Cardinal Bettinger warmly for the expression of the German episcopate's disappointment regarding the disgraceful literary slander on the German people and army by our enemies. Even such attacks are repulsed by the pure conscience and moral strength with which the German people defend their just cause; they ultimately rebound upon their instigators themselves."

STOCKHOLM, June 20. The "Aftonbladet" sharply expresses the indignation of the Swedish people over the dropping of bombs by aircraft on the castle in Karlsruhe, where the Queen of Sweden was staying. It was a deliberate attack on a royal residence inhabited only by women and children, says the paper. The audacity that led the French military command to spare not even the childhood home of the Swedish Queen gives substance for reflection in Sweden. Such a deed, the paper further says, is neither chivalrous nor in keeping with the view that Sweden had of the French character. The "Daily General" reports that the people have decided to honor the Queen, as a sign of joy and gratitude for her escape from this danger, in a particularly splendid manner upon her return to Sweden.

The General Government in Belgium.