"Announcements of the German General Government.

VIENNA, June 22. (Official report from yesterday.)

- Russian front.

The allied troops are at the gates of Zolkiew, near Lemberg, and at the river Szczerzek south of this city. They have attacked the Russians everywhere on this front. The enemy still controls the crossings of the Dniester at Mikolajow and Zydaczow. Troops of the army under Pflanzer have repelled vigorous Russian attacks southwest of Potok and Zloty, near Zaleszczyki, and in the Bessarabian border region, causing immense losses to the enemy. Otherwise, the situation in the northeast is unchanged.

Italian front.

Our brave troops repelled two more Italian attacks during the night of June 20 at Plava. An Italian officer with a white flag, accompanied by a horn blower, appeared before our position to present a request on behalf of his brigade commander. Since these individuals could not prove their capacity as negotiators with a written mandate, they were taken prisoner. In the area northwest of the Krn, the enemy was driven out of his rear position; detachments of the Debrecen Honvéd infantry regiment distinguished themselves notably on this occasion. Our heavy artillery successfully engaged in the mountain battles. Southeast of Plecken, near the Carinthian border, the enemy once again attacked in vain. Nothing significant has happened in the Tyrolean border area. The Italian heavy artillery can do nothing against our forts. On June 19, a torpedo boat successfully shelled the tanks and port installations at Monopoli; on the same day, our seaplanes bombed and damaged stations at Bari and Brindisi.

Southeastern front.

No changes have occurred here recently.

CONSTANTINOPLE, June 20. The Headquarters reports: On the Caucasus front, our troops repelled attacks by which the enemy covered his initial retreat. During our counterattacks, we took prisoners and captured 3 machine guns. In the area of Olty, our troops are making progress despite the fierce resistance of the Russians. In these battles, the enemy left 200 corpses on the battlefield, including some officers; prisoners, rifles, tents, and equipment also fell into our hands. On the Dardanelles front, on June 17, our batteries fired on enemy positions for wireless telegraphy and heliostats at Ari Burnu. Most of the enemy soldiers working there were killed. One of our shells inflicted heavy damage on an enemy torpedo boat. On June 18, our artillery successfully bombarded the enemy's left wing, which suffered considerable losses. To escape the deadly fire of our coastal batteries, the enemy took another position. But even here, German batteries soon hurled their shells. The enemy artillery that targeted our infantry was silenced. On the other fronts, the situation is unchanged.

Government of Belgium

The General”