Announcements by the German General Government.

Daily German report.

BERLIN, May 5. (Official report this noon.)

Western theater.

The English are retreating with very heavy losses further in the direction of the bridgehead just east of Ypres. The farm of Heule, Eksternest, the castle park of Herenthage, and the farm Het Pappatje fell into our hands. Between Meuse and Moselle, there was again greater activity noted. The French attacked yesterday with strong forces in the Priest's Forest, northwest of Pont-à-Mousson. Despite a long preparation by artillery, the attack was repulsed by our fire with significant losses for the enemy. In contrast, we went on the offensive in the Ailly Forest and east of there, making good progress. So far we have captured 10 officers and 750 men there.

Eastern theater.

Attacks from the southeast on Raszinie were repelled. We are pursuing the enemy. Numerous forward movements of the Russians at Kalvaria, northeast of Suwalki, and east of Augustowo failed as well. In the process, the enemy lost about 500 men as prisoners. In other parts of the front, isolated hand-to-hand combat occurred, all ending in our favor.

Southeastern theater.

Yesterday, north of the Wood Carpathians, the allied armies broke through the third fortified Russian line. Completely defeated on the entire front, the latter are retreating to the Wisloka. The fact that the Russians are beginning to evacuate their positions southwest of Dukla in the Wood Carpathians, which are endangered from the north as a result of the breakthrough by the allies, sufficiently indicates the significance of our victory. Given the speed with which our troops executed this feat of arms, the full extent of the outcome can't yet be precisely described. According to reports received so far, we appear to have captured more than 30,000 prisoners.

CONSTANTINOPLE, May 4. The Grand Headquarters reported yesterday: The enemy tried to advance with the left wing to expand the small strip of land they hold near Ariburnu. We threw them back through our counterattacks with considerable losses into the very rocky valleys and then drove them towards the coast. At the same time, our batteries set an enemy transport ship on fire. The other transport ships, which were near the coast, fled in haste. The battleship "Agamemnon," which attempted to shell Bulair indirectly, was hit by four shells yesterday. It withdrew as it could no longer respond to our fire. Seven armed sailors and an officer, who had landed from an enemy submarine on the uninhabited island off Bodrum in the Aegean Sea, were killed in a clash with our gendarmes. There is nothing important to report from the other fronts.

The German Government of Belgium.