Announcements from the Government.

BERLIN, June 11. (Official report from this afternoon.) Western theater of war.

North-East of the Loretto Heights, the enemy's forward movements failed; their repeated attacks on our positions North and South of Neuville met the same fate. The hand-to-hand combat in the trenches north of Ecurie remains undecided. South-East of Hébuterne and at Beaumont, we repelled enemy attacks yesterday and last night; only near Serre-Mailly did the French gain a minor advantage. In Champagne, the French attempted last evening to recapture the trenches lost on June 9. With a considerable force, they launched an attack over a wide front, from north of Le Mesnil to north of the Beausejour farm. This attack, which cost the French enormous losses, completely collapsed. New attack attempts during the night could not even be executed. 

Eastern theater of war. North-West of Eiragola, on the lower Dubissa, we repelled several Russian attacks. The enemy left 300 men in our hands.

Southeastern theater of war. In Galicia, the situation for the German troops remains unchanged. 

LONDON, June 10. Regarding the activity of German submarines, Reuter reports the following: The English trawler "Nottingham" was sunk. The crew has been saved. The English trawler "Velocity" was sunk in the North Sea. After 52 hours adrift in a lifeboat, the crew has been rescued. A German submarine sank the trawlers "Tunisian" and "Castor" from Grimsby; both crews have been saved. The English trawler "Saturn" was sunk; the crew came ashore at Northfields. The steamship "Erna Boldt" sank yesterday morning. It was torpedoed. The crew reached Harwich. This steamship was previously German-owned; the English prize court had condemned it.

BATAVIA, June 10. (Reuter report.) The English steamship "Zweena", with a displacement of 1,470 tons, sank in the Strait of Madoera. Five crew members and eleven passengers drowned. A Dutch steamship rescued the others.

LONDON, June 11. The Admiralty announces that torpedo boats X and XII, which were patrolling near the east coast of England, were sunk in the early morning of June 10 by a submarine. 30 men have been rescued and brought ashore.

LIVERPOOL, June 11. (Reuter report.) A German submarine yesterday sank the English schooner "Express". A Danish schooner has brought 3 members of the crew ashore at Plymouth.