Concerning the regulation of the butter trade.

Article 1.

The average quantity of milk, which until now has been processed into butter in a dairy business, must continue to be used for the production of butter.

Only those persons who were, before August 12, 1914, already professionally engaged in making cheese from uncreamed milk, may process uncreamed milk into cheese. Such businesses may process at most the same quantity of uncreamed milk into cheese that was used for cheese production before August 12, 1914.

The Head of the civil administration (Verwaltungschef) may allow exceptions.

Article 2.

The slaughter of dairy cows, that is, cows giving more than 4 liters of milk daily, is forbidden.

This prohibition does not apply to forced slaughters, that is, when the animal must be slaughtered as a result of severe illness or an accident; in both cases, confirmation by the appointed competent veterinarian is required.

The forced slaughter of dairy cows must be communicated immediately to the mayor of the municipality where the slaughter takes place, with presentation of the certificates from the appointed veterinarian; these will be forwarded together with the certificates of the appointed veterinarian to the civil commissioner (Zivilkommissar) at the "Kreischef".

Article 3.

Every butter producer is obliged, from September 4, 1916, to sell their total regular butter production (article 1) to the butter sellers' union, called the "National Union of the Professional Associations of Butter Sellers and Producers" at the fixed maximum price, and to deliver it to the offices designated by the competent mayor in agreement with the competent civil commissioner (Zivilkommissar) at the specified times in the municipality.

The following need not be delivered:

1) The quantity of butter that the producer or the farmers associated with a dairy need for their own consumption, according to the general rules regarding the consumption of butter (article 10);

2) The quantity of butter that the producer, according to the same rules, leaves to the population of his municipality for their own supply, as well as to the State and municipal administrations, consumption institutions and cooperatives, institutions of public benefit, and other similar institutions listed in paragraph 2, number 1 of article I of the Regulation of July 26, 1916, concerning the regulation of the butter trade (Gazette of Statutes and Regulations, p. 2459).

If a butter producer is completely or partially prevented from fulfilling his delivery obligation, he must properly explain his reasons to the competent civil commissioner (Zivilkommissar).

Article 4.

If the butter is not voluntarily delivered, it may be expropriated at a price 10% below the maximum price for the benefit of the butter sellers' union.

Article 5.

The stocking up of butter reserves by producers and traders is prohibited. The butter reserves accumulated until now by producers and traders will be seized starting September 1, 1916, to be put on the market. Producers and traders must report the butter reserves still available on September 1, 1916, to the State Commissioner of the butter sellers' union in Brussels by September 10, 1916, at the latest. (Contact the State Commissioner of the Belgian Butter Sellers' Union — "Staatskommissar des belgischen Buttervertriebverbandes", in Brussels). Every producer and trader is obliged to sell their butter reserves to the butter sellers' union, called the National Union of the Professional Associations of Butter Sellers and Producers, at the fixed maximum price.

Article 6.

The Head of the civil administration (Verwaltungschef) is authorized to regulate the prices to be paid to the producer for butter, deviating from the provisions of the Regulation of July 16, 1916 (Gazette of Statutes and Regulations, p. 2411), for the entire General Government area or for separate provinces, and to set a supplement to the purchase price for creamery butter that bears an official control mark for the benefit of the producer.

Article 7.

From September 6, 1916, butter may only be transported from the municipality where it is made with an official accompanying letter.

Article 8.

In addition to police agents, persons authorized by the State Commissioner are also entitled to enter and inspect premises where dairy products are made, stored, or offered for sale. They may also require the submission of business books, accounts, and other commercial documents and inspect them.

Article 9.

Violations of the above provisions, as well as of the Regulation of July 16, 1916 (Gazette of Statutes and Regulations, p. 2411), and the Regulation of July 26, 1916 (Gazette of Statutes and Regulations, p. 2459), are punishable by 8 days to six months imprisonment and with fines of 6 to 300 francs or with one of these penalties. Furthermore, the closure for a time or permanently of such businesses where a violation of this regulation has occurred may be ordered. Moreover, confiscation of the goods can be decided.

Competent to adjudicate are the criminal chambers of the Belgian courts of first instance.

Article 11 of the Regulation of July 16, 1916, as well as articles 4 and 5 of the Regulation of July 26, 1916, are repealed.

Article 10.

The Head of the civil administration (Verwaltungschef) is charged with the execution of the above regulation. He can issue all provisions required for regular execution, and in particular establish general rules for the use of butter.

Brussels, August 22, 1916.

The Governor General in Belgium,

Freiherr von BISSING,

Generaloberst.

Announcement

In execution of article 6 of the Regulation of August 22, 1916, by the Governor General, concerning the regulation of the butter trade (Gazette of Statutes and Regulations, p. 2560), the following is announced:

The price (base price) that may be demanded by the producer at the sale franco in Brussels, including customary packaging, for sweet creamery butter, with at most 18% foreign substances and provided with an official control mark, is provisionally increased to 6 francs per kilogram.

Brussels, August 24, 1916.

The Verwaltungschef
of the Governor General in Belgium,
In Representation,

Freiherr von LUTZ.