"Notices from the German General Staff.

BERLIN, June 17.

— Western battlefield.

North of the pond of Bellegarde, we have, for the most part, recaptured the trench sections lost yesterday. The English and French continued their attempts to break through our front.

— North of the La Bassée canal, Westphalians and Saxons overran English troops in hand-to-hand combat and forced them into a rapid retreat to their positions. The French still launched new attacks on the front from west of Liévin to Arras. At the Lorette Heights, we gave up to them a trench totally destroyed by shells. South of Souchez, they succeeded in gaining a footing on a 600-meter front in our position. The battle continues in this place. Everywhere else they were bloodily repulsed. The large amount of ammunition they expended, and their disregard for the enormous losses that their attacks incurred, could not prevent the French and English from suffering another defeat. The life-or-death battles, which ended with our victory, again bear witness to the brilliant bravery and unwavering endurance of our troops. French attacks at Moulin-sous-Touvent also ended unfavorably for the enemy, who lost 5 officers and 300 soldiers as prisoners. In the Vosges, the fierce battles in the Fecht and Lauch valleys also continued yesterday but ended in the evening. Apart from a small loss of ground northwest of Metzeral, all our positions remain in our possession. 100 Evouzvél fell into our hands.

— Eastern battlefield.

Various Russian attacks were repelled. Otherwise, nothing significant to report.

Southeastern battlefield.

The attacks of the allied troops drove the Russians from their positions north of Sieniawa and forced them to retreat to Tarnograd. General von Mackensen’s army is in close pursuit of the enemy. Dachnów and Lubaczów were taken by storm. The southern Smolnik coast was cleared of the enemy. At Niemirów, Russian resistance was soon broken; we crossed the Niemirów-Jaworów road. Further south, the Russians are retreating on the Wereszyca. Southeast of the Dniester marshes, the situation remains unchanged.

— CONSTANTINOPLE, June 16. Headquarters reports: At Ari Burnu, on the Dardanelles front, our artillery opened well-aimed fire. We could observe that our fire caused considerable losses to the enemy at one of their artillery positions. Our coastal batteries effectively fired on enemy transport ships, camp sites, and aircraft hangars near the coast."