"Announcements from the German General Government.

BERLIN, June 4. (Official report this afternoon.)

Western theater of war. Except for a few houses in the western district, we have stormed and taken the castle and the village of Hooge, east of Ypres. English counterattacks have been bloodily repelled. Last evening, English troops managed to penetrate our position at the north of Givenchy. Through a counterattack, we drove the enemy back out with heavy losses for them. Three English machine guns remained in our hands. We possess the position in its entirety. Our troops captured, after fighting with varied success, the sugar refinery of Souchez. The battle continues along the line west of Souchez. A strong enemy attack collapsed in our artillery fire near and north of Neuville. To the northeast of Neuville, hand-to-hand combat has been ongoing since last night. The battle in the Priest's Wood is over. We have mostly regained the lost trenches.

Eastern theater of war. Our cavalry drove Russian units out of the villages of Lenen and Schrunden, 60 and 70 kilometers east of Libau. Near Rava, to the west of Kurschany, and at Sawdyniki, on the Dubissa, enemy attacks failed.

Southeastern theater of war. After a battle, our troops reached the places east of Przemysl, as well as the line connecting to the northeast at Bolestraszyce-Torki-Pozdziace-Starzawa. The booty taken at Przemysl has not yet been determined. According to statements from prisoners from various troop units, the Russians began a general attack against the entire front of the army under General von Mackensen on the night of June 2 to 3, when Przemysl was stormed. Their offensive has already completely failed at the start. Twenty-two kilometers east of Przemysl, German troops under General von der Marwitz stormed the heights on both sides of Myslatyeze. General von Linsingen's army is on the point of crossing the lower Stryj, northeast of the city of the same name.

CONSTANTINOPLE, June 4. The Headquarters reports: On the Dardanelles front, there was a weak artillery and infantry battle yesterday. Our Asian coastal batteries successfully shelled enemy positions at Sedd-il-Bahr. Elsewhere, nothing of importance has occurred.

LONDON, June 4. The 'Evening News' learns from Athens: The Turks have 250,000 men in strongly fortified positions in Gallipoli. The battles consist of attacks and counterattacks. During the day, the allies attack with the help of their fleet; but at night, when the ships cannot participate in the fight to avoid shelling their own troops, the Turks launch extremely fierce counterattacks in closed columns."