Announcement from the German General Government.

VIENNA, 29 June. (Official [missing or unclear text]

Russian theater of war

In Eastern Galicia, the allied troops continue the pursuit. Amid continuous battles with the Russian rearguards, they reached the vicinity of Klodzienko-Zadworce, northeast of Lemberg, yesterday. Their vanguard is at the Zlota Lipa, which they have already crossed at the lower course. Halicz is in our hands. The southern bank of the Dniester is cleared of the enemy upstream to Halicz. The allied troops of the army under von Linsingen have crossed the Dniester after five days of fierce fighting. On the other Dniester front, there is calm. The troops of Archduke Joseph Ferdinand's army stormed Plazow yesterday, southwest of Narol; last night they penetrated the enemy positions on the heights northeast of this place. The Russians are retreating through Narol. Otherwise, the situation in the northeast has not changed.

The Italian theater of war.

The situation here is unchanged. The enemy shows very little activity. Only the artillery is active on all fronts. One of our aircraft fired at an enemy observation balloon near Villa Vicentina on June 27, which had to be shot down; on June 28, it dropped heavy bombs in the enemy artillery park of St. Canciano, causing great destruction; it also damaged a steamship in the port of Sdobba with a bomb, causing the stern to sink.

PARIS, 29 June. Senator Humbert returns to the artillery and ammunition issue in "Le Journal", which deserves attention from two perspectives. Humbert begins by stating with regret that the Russian retreat and the failure of the French offensive have created strong pessimism almost throughout France. He then sharply criticizes the large capitalists, financial institutions, and wealthy corporations. Until now, they have kept all their wealth back, instead of subscribing to the war loans and thereby supporting the government in its work for the good of France. The large capitalist must show trust just as the small citizen and contribute to the country's defense. If necessary, the French government should mobilize these slackers in the financial area. "Necessary, these bad patriots should be reminded with compulsory measures," concludes Humbert, "that in wartime, the welfare of the homeland is the highest and only law."

The German Government in Belgium.