"Announcements from the German General Government.

Daily German report.

BERLIN, May 8. (Official report from this afternoon.)

Western theater of war.

Last night, our coastal batteries near Zeebrugge sank an enemy destroyer. Along most of the front, the usual artillery skirmishes took place, which increased in intensity at certain points, such as near Ypres, north of Arras, in the Argonne, and on the Meuse Heights. Only in the Vosges did the infantry engage. The French attacked our positions at Steinabrück on both sides of the Fecht valley after long artillery preparation. All attacks failed and cost the enemy heavy losses.

Eastern theater of war:

Our troops advancing on Libau captured the city. In doing so, they took 1,600 Russians prisoner and seized 12 cannons and four machine guns.

Southeastern theater of war.

Yesterday, Mackensen’s army, along with the Austro-Hungarian troops, continued the pursuit of the defeated enemy with vigor. Only some favorable rear-guard skirmishes took place for us. Last evening, our vanguard had already crossed the Wislok near Krosno. As a result of the coordinated actions of all advancing troop units, quite large Russian forces were cut off. Consequently, the number of Russians captured on the Galician front has increased to approximately 70,000 since May 2. We captured 38 cannons, including 9 heavy pieces.

CONSTANTINOPLE, May 8. (Report from the Great Headquarters.) On the Dardanelles front, the enemy retains their old position in the south near Ari Burnu. Yesterday morning, supported by the fleet, they launched an attack in the Sedd el Bahr region. The battle continued until late afternoon and was favorable for us. Our counterattacks drove the heavily losing enemy back to their former landing site. On the left flank, some of our forces pursued the enemy to the Sedd el Bahr landing site, raining bombs on the fleeing enemy. In Azerbaijan, around Dilman, small encounters occurred between our reconnaissance units and Russian militias. On the other fronts, nothing of significance occurred.

LIVERPOOL, May 8. (Reuter report.) On Tuesday, a German submarine torpedoed the steamship 'Candidate'; it sank. All the crew were saved.

ROME, May 7. (Report from the Agenzia Stefani.) By royal decree, the next session of the Chamber and Senate is postponed to May 20. According to previous arrangements, the houses were supposed to convene on May 12."