Announcements from the German General Government.

CONSTANTINOPLE, May 24. Headquarters reports: During the night of May 22 to 23, the enemy attempted to approach our left flank, but he was repulsed with losses. On the morning of May 23, our artillery inflicted heavy damage on an enemy cruiser off Kaba Tepe; moreover, it was hit by two aerial bombs, so that five warships had to tow it. Yesterday, there were no military operations at Ari Burnu and Sedd-el-Bahr. In the battle at Sedd-el-Bahr on May 22, the enemy lost more than 4,000 men, dead and wounded. Yesterday, the enemy fleet shelled our infantry positions on both sides of the strait entrance; their fire was weak and ineffective. One of our batteries destroyed an enemy battery at Sedd-el-Bahr. Nothing of importance on the other battlefields.

CONSTANTINOPLE, May 25. Until now the loss of the Russian armored cruiser of the Black Sea fleet, "Pantileimon", was known only through telegrams from abroad. It is now officially reported here that a Turkish submarine sank the armored cruiser. Turkey kept the presence of a submarine in the Black Sea secret until it was revealed by an act of war.

LONDON, May 25. War correspondent John Buchanan reports from the English headquarters to the "Times": The enemy possesses an astonishingly powerful weapon. As long as we cannot deploy equally formidable weapons, the superior combat value of our soldiers will avail little. This weapon consists of a large number of machine guns and heavy cannons, as well as what appears to be an inexhaustible supply of ammunition with extraordinary explosive power. The inventor of the fable that the Germans are almost out of stock of ammunition has rendered a disservice to the Allies.

LONDON, May 25. The latest casualty list contains the names of 320 officers and 3,450 non-commissioned officers and men, including approximately 500 men from the battleship "Goliath".

LONDON, May 25. Henceforth, butcher shops in Manchester, Liverpool, and in numerous other places will only be open 3 days per week.

The General-Government