Concerning the sending of parcels to Belgian prisoners

Every Belgian imprisoned in Germany may receive one parcel, weighing up to 5 kilograms, once a month.

These parcels will from now on only be collected and sent freight-free to Germany by the parcel collection center of "The Belgian Agency for information on Belgian prisoners of war and internees" in Brussels, in the building of the Brussels Higher Education Institute, as well as by the branches of the Agency established in Belgium.

Railway employees will no longer accept parcels for prisoners from other locations or individuals.

The parcels may include: clothing, laundry, food and luxury items, tobacco, personal hygiene products, and playing cards.

The contents must not include: alcoholic drinks, weapons, knives and objects serving as weapons, tools that can be used for escape, ammunition, explosives, etching fluids and the like, written messages, and printed matter. On the wrapping paper, nothing should be written or printed outside of the address of the recipient and sender.

A separate address label, a postcard to acknowledge receipt, and a receipt are allowed.

By the General Government are now the following parcel collection centers of the Agency for Information allowed:

- Government of Brussels:
  Brussels: La Cantine du Soldat Prisonnier, Brouckére-plaats, 17.
- Military Government of Brabant:
  Kasteel-Brakel: Committee de Preter.
  Diest: Information office: Town Hall.
  Halle: Committee Possoz.
  Leuven: 1. Information office, Recollettenstraat, 11.
          2. Committee Roberti.
  Nijvel: Information office, Town Hall.
  Tienen: Branch of the Red Cross.
  Waver: Information office.

- Government of Antwerp:
  Antwerp: 1. Directorate of the Red Cross, Meirplaats, 48.
           2. Information office, Kunstlei, 91.

- Government of Hainaut:
  Mons (Bergen): Bureau de Renseignements (Information office), rue Lamir, 9.
  Charleroi: Bureau de Renseignements (Information office), rue de l'Abattoir, 8.
  Châtelet: Information Office

- Government of Liège:
  Liège: Bureau de Renseignements (Information office), rue des Urbanistes, 3.

- Government of Limburg:
  Hasselt: Directorate of the Red Cross (Limburg).

- Government of Luxembourg:
  (Arlon) Arel: Bureau de Renseignements (Information office), Luxemburgerstraat, 140.

- Government of Namur:
  Namur: Bureau de Renseignements (Information office), rue du College, 5.
  Gembloux (Gembloers): Comité le Docte (le Docte Committee).

The General Government may issue further collection points as needed and will notify the Agency for Information as well as its branches.

Brussels, May 6, 1915.

The General-Governor in Belgium,
Freiherr von BISSING,
Colonel General.