Regulation

on the trade in textiles, manufactured and knitted goods, and ribbon goods in Belgium.

§ 4.
The “Militarisches Textil-Beschaffungsamt” in Brussels has the right to acquire 75% of the goods referred to in § 1 of the regulation dated July 19, 1916, on the stockpiling of textiles, manufactured and knitted goods, and ribbon goods in Belgium (Law and Regulation Gazette no. 239), which are available from persons who are required to declare them.

In case no private sale is realized based on the prices calculated according to the agreement in § 2, the "Militarisches Textil-Beschaffungsamt" in Brussels may expropriate the relevant goods.

This right applies only to the goods listed in the following 8 categories, insofar as the "Militarisches Textil-Beschaffungsamt" in Brussels, deems it fair to calculate the mentioned goods at prices lower than those indicated by the relevant numbers:

1. Men's fabrics, insofar as the wholesale price, at approximately 140 cm fabric width, exceeds 14 marks per meter.

2. White goods, insofar as the wholesale price, at approximately 80 cm fabric width exceeds 2 marks per meter, and for half-linen and full-linen fabrics, at approximately 80 cm fabric width, exceeds 3 marks per meter.

3. Pure woolen blankets, insofar as the wholesale price exceeds 30 marks per piece.

4. Manufactured day and nightshirts for men, insofar as the wholesale price exceeds 7 marks per piece.

5. Woolen fabrics for women's clothes and coats, insofar as the wholesale price, at approximately 130 cm fabric width, exceeds 10 marks per meter.

6. Cotton, single-colored or multicolored woven fabrics for clothing and aprons, insofar as the wholesale price, at approximately 90 cm fabric width, exceeds 3 marks per meter.

7. Cotton fabrics decorated with embroidery for clothing and aprons, insofar as the wholesale price, at approximately 90 cm fabric width, exceeds 6 marks per meter.

8. Printed cotton clothing fabrics, insofar as the wholesale price, at approximately 90 cm fabric width, exceeds 2 marks per meter.

Where prices for specific fabric width measurements are indicated as limits in the above list, the price must be calculated correspondingly higher or lower for other fabric widths.

If a discount on prices is allowed, the prices after the discount is deducted apply.

In private purchase cases, the price that was valid in Belgium on July 25, 1914, for similar goods as the manufacturer's selling price, serves as the basis; an additional charge of 20 to 45% is added to this price. For privately purchased goods, 50% of the fixed price must be paid upon delivery; the other half is paid after the inspection of the goods.

In the case of expropriation of goods, the supplier receives a requisition acknowledgment (Beitreibungsanerkenntnis), in which the quantity, nature, and value of the goods are indicated. The "Reich Compensation Commission" decides according to the existing basic rules on compensation.

Punishable by up to 1 year in prison and a fine of up to 20,000 marks or one of these penalties, insofar as the general penal law does not provide for stricter penalties:

1. Whoever refuses to deliver expropriated items or to bring or send them at the acquirer's request,

2. Whoever unlawfully removes, damages or destroys a seized item, sells or buys it, or disposes of or acquires it in any other way for profit.

The German military courts and commanders are competent to render judgments.

The provisions of this regulation do not apply to goods for which it can be proven that they were owned by the “Commission for Relief in Belgium” or the National Relief and Food Committee on the test day established by the regulation of July 19, 1916, on the stockpiling of textiles, manufactured and knitted goods, and ribbon goods in Belgium (Law and Regulation Gazette, no. 239 of July 31, 1916), or for which it can be proven that they were imported from abroad by the latter after this test day.

Brussels, July 19, 1916.

The Governor-General in Belgium,

Freiherr von BISSING,

Generaloberst.