The translation of the corrected text is:

"Announcements from the German General Staff:

VIENNA, June 16. (Official report of yesterday.)
Russian battlefield.

The offensive operations of the allied armies resulted in heavy fighting along almost the entire Galician front. The troops of Archduke Josef-Ferdinand’s army, after the capture of Sieniawa, began their advance on the eastern bank of the San River towards the north and northeast. Yesterday, the castle and the farm of Piskorowice were stormed, with numerous prisoners falling into our hands. General von Mackensen's army advances amid fierce battles on both sides of Krakowice and towards Oleszyce. The troops under General Boehm-Ermolli, joining the attack, strike the Russians east and southeast of Mosziska, where the enemy in new positions blocks the road to Grodek. South of the upper Dniester, significant Russian forces defend the bridgeheads of Mikolajow, Zydaczow, and Halicz against the allied troops of the army under von Linsingen, while General Pflanzer-Baltin's troops, downstream, stand before Nizniow and Czernelica and hold Zaleszczyki against all Russian attacks. Parts of this army forced the Russians in Bessarabia, between the Dniester and Prut, to retreat once more to Chotin and along the Prut. The number of Russian prisoners from the battles in Galicia since June 12 has increased by a few thousand men yesterday.

Italian battlefield.
The Italians made new, futile attempts to approach our positions near Tolmein and Plava. In some sectors of the Isonzo front, calm prevailed yesterday. The Italians sent a parliamentarian to request a ceasefire to bury the dead, but this request had to be denied for military reasons. Near the Carinthian border, the Styrian militia stormed the Kleine Pal, east of the Ploecken Pass, repelling three counterattacks on this mountain. In the border area of Tyrol, the enemy reconnoiters our positions and continues its futile shelling. At a border point, a watchpost of the imperial guard, without losing a single man, forced an enemy company to retreat and captured 58 Italians.

CONSTANTINOPLE, June 14. The Headquarters announces: On the Caucasian front, the enemy attacked yesterday from the direction of Olty. As soon as he was convinced that our troops were meeting him, he hastily retreated and abandoned his positions entirely. We captured them. On the Dardanelles front, two enemy warships, protected by seven torpedo boats, fired a total of 90 shells at some of our positions near Ari Burnu and Sedd-el-Bahr. The effect was nil. The ships soon steamed back to Imbros. On land, only a few cannon and gunshots were exchanged. Our Anatolian batteries fired on the enemy with good effect."