German communication, Berlin, 19 June. (Official report of the General Staff) Western battlefield. The latest attacks by the French north of Arras were as unsuccessful as the previous ones. North of the La Bassée canal, a British forward movement was stopped with ease. Near the Loretto height, on both sides of Neuville and northeast of Arras, several French attacks collapsed. We have cleared some trenches of the enemy that were previously lost. In the Argonne forest, we repelled local attacks with the bayonet. At Vauquois, the battles remained undecided. Northeast of Luneville, we took the village of Embermenil, which the French had reinforced and occupied. After destroying all the French defensive works, our troops withdrew to their old positions and brought back approximately 50 French chasseurs as prisoners. In the Vosges, the fight continues at several points in the Fechtdal. At the Hilsenfirst, we captured more than 200 Frenchmen. — Eastern battlefield. In the vicinity of Szawle-Dawina and the Szlawanta sector, Russian attack movements were stopped. We made some progress southwest of Kalwaria. The village of Vac was taken. Southeastern battlefield. The Russians west of the San were driven back to the line of Zapuscie-Ulanow and further to the east over the Tanew-Pauczka line. The attack on the position at Grodek has begun. The Russians, who are still between the Dniester marshes and the Stryj, were attacked and pushed northwards. The attacks continue. Constantinople, 19 June. The General Staff reports: On the Dardanelles front, our artillery fire destroyed the enemy's machine gun positions and important observation points at Ari Burnu on 16 June. An enemy artillery piece was put out of action. One of our regiments on the right wing captured and occupied part of the enemy's trenches. Yesterday, at Ari Burnu and Sedd-ul-Bahr, weak artillery and rifle fire was exchanged, which, however, did not bring about any significant change. Since 14 June, the enemy has used shells that release suffocating gases. Nothing new on the other fronts. The General Government in Belgium