Decree concerning the regulation of the butter trade.

Article 1.
The average amount of milk that was previously processed into butter at a dairy must continue to be used for butter production.

Only those who, before August 12, 1914, had a profession of making cheese from uncreamed milk may process uncreamed milk into cheese. Such businesses may process at most the same amount of uncreamed milk into cheese that was used for cheese production before August 12, 1914.

The Head of the Civil Administration (Verwaltungschef) can grant exceptions.

Article 2.
The slaughtering of dairy cows, i.e., cows that give more than 4 liters of milk daily, is forbidden.

This prohibition does not apply to forced slaughter, i.e., when the animal must be put down because of a serious illness or an accident; in both cases, confirmation by the competent accepted veterinarian is required.

The forced slaughter of dairy cows must be immediately reported to the mayor of the municipality where the slaughter takes place, presenting the certificates of the accepted veterinarian; these certificates will be forwarded to the civil commissioner (Zivilkommissar) of the district chief.

Article 3.
Every butter manufacturer is obliged, from September 4, 1916, onwards, to sell his entire regular butter output (article 1) to the union of butter merchants, called the "National Union of Professional Associations of Sellers and Producers of Butter," at the fixed highest price, and to deliver it to the designated offices in the municipality at the specified times, as designated by the competent mayor, in agreement with the competent civil commissioner (Zivilkommissar).

The following does not need to be delivered:
1) The amount of butter that the producer or cooperative farmers need for their own consumption, according to the general rules on butter consumption (article 10);

2) The amount of butter that the producer, according to the same general rules, leaves to the population of his municipality for their own provision, as well as to the state and municipal administrations, consumption institutions and cooperatives, institutions of general utility, and other similar institutions, listed in section 2, number 1 of article I of the Ordinance of July 26, 1916, concerning the regulation of the butter trade (Law and Ordinance Gazette, p. 2459).

If a butter producer is unable, completely or partially, to fulfill his delivery obligation, he must properly explain his reasons to the competent civil commissioner (Zivilkommissar).

Article 4.
If the butter is not voluntarily delivered, it may be expropriated in favor of the union of butter merchants at a price that remains 10% below the highest price.

Article 5.
The stockpiling of butter by producers and traders is prohibited. The butter stocks built up by producers and traders until now will be confiscated from September 1, 1916, onward to be put on the market. Producers and traders must report their butter stocks still on hand on September 1, 1916, to the State Commissioner of the Butter Merchants Union in Brussels no later than September 10, 1916. (Contact the State Commissioner of the Belgian Butter Merchants Union in Brussels). Every producer and trader is obliged to sell their butter stocks to the union of butter merchants, called the National Union of Professional Associations of Sellers and Producers of Butter, at the fixed highest price.

Article 6:
The Head of the Civil Administration (Verwaltungschef) is authorized to regulate the prices for butter to be paid to the producer, deviating from the provisions of the Ordinance of July 16, 1916 (Law and Ordinance Gazette, p. 2411), for the entire area of the General Government or for separate provinces, and hereby to determine a supplemental payment to the purchase price benefiting the producer for dairy butter that carries an official control mark.

Article 7.
From September 4, 1916, butter may only be transported from the municipality where it is made with an official accompanying letter.

Article 8.
Besides police representatives, those persons who have been commissioned by the State Commissioner are also authorized to enter and inspect premises where dairy products are manufactured, stored, or offered for sale. They may further demand and inspect business books, accounts, and other trade-related documents.

Article 9.
Violations of the above provisions, as well as of the Ordinance of July 16, 1916 (Law and Ordinance Gazette, p. 2411) and the Ordinance of July 26, 1916 (Law and Ordinance Gazette, p. 2459), are punishable by 8 days to six months imprisonment and a fine of 6 to 300 francs, or with one of these penalties. Furthermore, closure of such businesses where a violation of this Ordinance has occurred can be pronounced for a time or permanently. Further, confiscation of the merchandise can be decided upon.

Jurisdiction is held by the criminal chambers of the Belgian first-instance courts.

Article 11 of the Ordinance of July 16, 1916, as well as articles 4 and 5 of the Ordinance of July 26, 1916, are repealed.

Article 10.
The Head of the Civil Administration (Verwaltungschef) is charged with executing the above Ordinance. He can issue all implementation regulations required for the orderly execution, and in particular, establish general rules for butter usage.

Brussels, August 22, 1916.

The Governor-General in Belgium,

Freiherr von BISSING,

Generaloberst.

Announcement

In execution of article 6 of the Ordinance of August 22, 1916, by the Governor-General concerning the regulation of the butter trade (Law and Ordinance Gazette, p. 2560), it is announced:

The price (base price) that may be asked by the producer for sweet dairy cream butter, with a maximum of 18% foreign substances and bearing an official control mark, when sold free on board in Brussels, including usual packaging, is provisionally increased to 6 francs per kg.

Brussels, August 24, 1916.

The Administrative Head
with the Governor-General in Belgium,
In representation,

Freiherr von LUTZ.