On the orders concerning the provision of milk to citizens in need:

From January 16, 1917, this regulation comes into effect.

All trade and free sale of milk inside and outside the municipalities is prohibited. Skimming of milk and the manufacture of butter and cheese, except at designated places, is prohibited. Butter-making machines must be sealed by the Municipalities and the Commandant's Office. Unauthorized use will be punished.

Dairymen who have so far sold milk freely to their customers can no longer do so, but must deliver the milk from January 16, 1917, daily in an unaltered condition to the central depot of the municipalities. After subtracting the quantities that go to the municipal residents (ยง 5), the milk must be delivered to the city of Ghent.

ยง 4.

From the milk that must be delivered to the central depots of the municipalities, 30 liters per milking cow per week will be calculated, separated, and given to the skimming places. All skimming places must give the cream to the authorized dairies for butter preparation and deliver the skimmed milk, after subtracting the quantities that go to the municipal residents (ยง 5), to the city.

ยง 5.

In rural municipalities, for children under 3 years old, for the sick, for persons over 65 years old, and for the weak, 1/2 liter of whole milk must be made available daily. In urban municipalities, the share is on average for each person 1/5 liter of milk, of which 1/4 is whole milk and 3/4 is skimmed milk. For each calf up to 2 months old, 2 liters of skimmed milk may be given daily to the owner, for each milk pig up to 10 weeks old, 1 liter of skimmed milk may be given daily.

The distribution of milk to the inhabitants in the Municipalities and the City of Ghent is entrusted to the Municipal Authority with the cooperation of the Provincial Supplies Committee.

All other milk (whole milk and skimmed milk) must be delivered to the City of Ghent, while the skimmed milk is collected 3 times daily from the dairies and municipalities by the City of Ghent, which regulates the payment, and the whole milk, which is due to the City, is delivered daily by the Municipality to the designated stores in the city of Ghent.

All milk cans transported from the municipalities to the City of Ghent must be provided with seals by the municipalities. The seals must only be removed in the stores. All cans with skimmed milk must also be marked with a blue cross.

Violations of this regulation will be punished with a fine up to 5000 Marks and imprisonment up to 2 years or with one of these penalties if a higher penalty is not applied according to existing laws and regulations. The goods and objects related to the violation can be confiscated.

Ghent, January 10, 1917.

The Stage Commander VON WICK, Lieutenant Colonel.

Printed by Sint Antonie: JOS. ROG