Announcements from the
German General-
Government.

| Daily German Report.
BERLIN, May 4. (Official report from
this afternoon.)

Western theatre of war.

In Flanders, we continue our attacks in the North and in
the East with very good success. This morning Seven-
kot, Zonnebeke, Westhoek, the Polygon Wood,
and Nonne Bosschen — possession of which
was fought over fiercely for months —
fell into our hands. The retreating enemy stands
north and south of Ypres in the firing
line of our batteries. In the Argonne,
the French unsuccessfully attempted to recapture a trench
north of Le Four de Paris, which we took on May 1. Yesterday,
the artillery battles between the Meuse
and the Moselle continued.

Eastern theatre of war.

The number of captured Russians in the pursuit towards Mitau has risen
above 4,000. New Russian attacks southwest of Kalvaria were
repulsed; 170 prisoners remained in our
hands. Russian attacks also failed southeast of Augustowo,
where the enemy suffered heavy losses and in addition lost 4 officers
with 420 men as prisoners and
8 machine guns. Near Jedwabno,
northeast of Lomza, we likewise repelled
a Russian night attack.

Southeastern theatre of war.

The general attack between the Boskowitz valley
and Upper Vistula went well.
For the first day, the spoils amount to
21,500 prisoners, 16 cannons, 47 ma-
chine guns and various war materials,
which cannot yet be determined.

VIENNA, May 4. (Official report from
today.) The allied German and Austro-
Hungarian troops have achieved a new victory
in loyal comradeship. Since the Russian retreat, after
our victory at Limanowa in West
Galicia, we have conquered the very fortified
enemy front between the Vistula and the
main ridge of the Carpathians, over its entire
extent. In the continued attack,
Austro-Hungarian and German forces achieved new advantages
on the whole front yesterday, in the presence of the supreme
commander, Field Marshal Archduke
Friedrich. Unstoppably, they advanced further eastward and repeatedly forced significant Russian
forces to a swift retreat. The outcome
of this battle also cannot yet be determined. So far, we have
counted more than 30,000 prisoners, and their number
increases by the hour. In the numerous captured
Russian positions, we seized a
large amount of war material. 22 pieces
of artillery and 64 machine guns belong
to the first spoils. On all other fronts,
the general situation is unchanged. 

The General-Government i