Official Communications from the German General Government.

BERLIN, 25 June. (Official report of this afternoon.)

Western theater of war.

South of Souchez, we captured some machine guns in hand-to-hand combat. Repeated enemy forward movements on our Labyrinth position were thwarted. On the western edge of the Argonne forest, a French battalion unsuccessfully attacked our new front positions and suffered serious losses in the process. In the counter-attack, we captured another trench along with two blockhouses; 8 machine guns and 3 mine launchers fell into our hands. On the Meuse Heights, the French attacks west of the Trench failed completely. East of the Trench, we recaptured a communication trench, which the enemy defended to the utmost. At Leintrey, east of Luneville, we repelled enemy ventures of little importance.

Eastern theater of war.

The village of Kopaczyska, which has been in our possession since the day before yesterday, has been relinquished again. Southeast of Chorzele, our troops captured part of the enemy’s position after fierce hand-to-hand combat near the village of Stegna and entrenched themselves there.

Southeastern theater of war.

The troops of General von Woyrsch are pursuing the Russians beyond the wooded area east of Hza. Essentially, the situation with Field Marshal von Mackensen's armies remains unchanged. Northwest of Halicz, parts of the army under von Linsingen had to retreat to the southern bank of the Dniester at Martinow due to counter-attacks by a superior enemy. Further upstream, our offensive is making good progress. The left wing of this army is positioned at Chodorow.

CONSTANTINOPLE, 25 June. The Headquarters reports on 24 June: On the Caucasus front, one of our detachments, in a counter-attack on the morning of 23 June near Kaleboghaz, pushed the enemy rear guard back. The enemy retreated to Kaleboghaz. On the Dardanelles front, there were intermittent, weak artillery and infantry skirmishes yesterday near Sedd-ul-Bahr and Ari Burnu. On the other fronts, the situation is unchanged.

LONDON, 24 June. Reuter and Lloyds report from Cullercoates: The steamship "Lama" signaled today: We just rescued the crews of the cutters (fishing boats with sails and engines) "Quietwater" from Peterhead and "Viceroy" from Aberdeen, which were sunk last night at 11 o'clock near the Shetland Islands, 25° miles east of Skerries. They reported that five more cutters were sunk.