"Ministry of Sciences and Arts

COMPULSORY EDUCATION

SCHOOL YEAR 1916-1917

REGION I

TO THE HEADS OF FAMILIES

According to the law of May 19, 1914, heads of families are obliged, during the school year 1916-1917, to provide education to their children or foster children born between 1905 and 1910.

They fulfill this obligation either by sending their children to be educated in a public or private school of the lower or middle level or by offering home education.

For the children enrolled in a lower school under state supervision (municipal, accepted, or acceptable), no additional knowledge is required from the parents.

Nevertheless, every head of family with one or more children or foster children, born between January 1, 1905, and December 31, 1910, not enrolled in a lower school under state supervision, must immediately inform the undersigned supervisor:

1. In WHICH INSTITUTION said children receive education,
or 2. If HOME EDUCATION is provided;
or 3. If they fall into one of the cases in which COMPULSORY EDUCATION CEASES TO EXIST, namely:

a) When no school exists within a distance of 4 kilometers from the child's residence;

b) When the parents or guardians raise conscientious objections against sending their children or foster children to any school located within a 4-kilometer distance from their place of residence;

c) When the parents or guardians have no fixed abode. However, if they reside in a municipality for at least twenty-eight consecutive days, their children must receive instruction in a public or private school, in their family, or with private tutors until the day they leave the municipality;

d) When the child cannot attend the lower school or the special classes for abnormal children, located within a 4-kilometer distance from their residence, due to physical disabilities or mental weakness;

or 4. If they wish to DELAY the start of their education by ONE YEAR.

N.B. – This notification may be done by post. To do this, write on the envelope: ‘State Service.’

Parents or guardians who do not provide me with the required notification must be REPORTED TO THE JUSTICE OF THE PEACE.

They may be punished with posting and fines.

I remind you that heads of families are free to send their children to the schools of their choice and that, with regard to them, no means of pressure may be used to impose a school on them that would not be of their choice.

The District Supervisor,

DE CLERCQ, R.

Sottegem,

September 1916"