Announcements from the
German General-
Government.

VIENNA, June 11. (Official report from
yesterday.)
— Russian War Front.

On the Upper Dniester, as well as in the
area between the Dniester and the Prut, the
fighting continues. The army of Pflanzer-Baltin
is expanding its territorial gains in a northerly direction.
In continuous battles, its attack columns advanced
to Obertyn and on the heights south of Horodenka.
In turn, the part of this army located in Bukovina,
in connection with the units fighting in Galician territory,
went on the offensive. Yesterday it crossed the Prut
and pushed a significant Russian force southwest
of Kotzmann before it. Otherwise, the situation in the
north remains unchanged.

Italian War Front.

At Plava, Gradisca, and Sagrado we again prevented
the Italians from crossing the Isonzo. In the vicinity
of Flitsch and at the Karnkam, to the east of the Plecken Pass,
the battles are still ongoing. In the area of the Tyrolean eastern
border, the cannons still roar incessantly. Our undaunted
cover troops thwarted an attack in the Tonale area.

Serbian War Front.

One of our aircraft squadrons dropped bombs yesterday
morning on the arsenal and the pyrotechnic facility at Kragujevac.
Two fires were observed. Our fliers returned unharmed.

VIENNA, June 10. Our submarine U-IV
(commanded by Lieutenant at Sea Singule),
torpedoed and sank an English cruiser of the Liverpool class,
which was protected by six destroyers, yesterday morning
at San Giovanni di Medua.

CONSTANTINOPLE, June 10. The Headquarters
announces: On the night of June 8, we repelled two enemy attacks
on our right wing at Ari Burnu on the Dardanelles front without difficulty,
inflicting serious losses on the enemy. Yesterday, with some intervals,
artillery and rifle fire was exchanged.
Elsewhere, nothing of importance.

CONSTANTINOPLE, June 10. The Grand
Headquarters announces: Yesterday the situation on the
Dardanelles front did not undergo any significant change.
Our Anatolian coastal batteries successfully shelled
the enemy infantry and artillery positions near Sedd el Bahr;
they silenced a howitzer battery. It is estimated
that the enemy lost more than 15,000 men in the last battle at Sedd el Bahr.
The enemy could not remove a large number of their fallen;
as we pushed them back to their old positions with our counterattack,
they had to leave them on the battlefield. On the other war fronts,
there is nothing to report.

The General-Government