"Implementation Decree to the regulation of 22 September 1917, regulating the trade of beets, turnips, swedes, and carrots of all kinds:

Pursuant to articles 3 and 4 of the regulation of 22 September 1917 regulating the trade of beets, turnips, swedes, and carrots of all kinds, the following is determined for sugar beets:

Article 1.

The sugar and syrup factories, which are authorized by the Sugar Distribution Office (Zuckerverteilungsstelle) under article 3 of the regulation of 18 July 1916 on the utilization of sugar beets, are exclusively entitled to purchase sugar beets.

All sugar beets must be delivered to one of these factories. They may only be processed in these factories and according to the instructions of the Sugar Distribution Office.

It is prohibited to sell sugar beets to other buyers, process them elsewhere than in the authorized factories, feed them, or consume them otherwise.

Article 2.

Regarding the purchase, the factories mentioned in article 1 must conclude delivery contracts with the growers of sugar beets before 1 December 1917.

All sugar beets must be delivered before 15 January 1918. Sugar beets that are not delivered by that date will be expropriated at a price still to be determined; for sugar beets for which no valid delivery contract was concluded before 1 December 1917, this price is set 20 francs per 1,000 kg lower than for the beets for which such a contract was concluded in time.

Article 3.

For the transportation of sugar beets by railway, ship, or cart, a permit from the Sugar Distribution Office in Brussels is required.

Permits are to be requested from one of the sugar or syrup factories mentioned in article 1.

For transportation by cart, a transportation permit is issued; for transportation by railway or ship, shipping documents are stamped.

The transportation permit can be subject to certain conditions or performances.

As soon as the transportation is finished, and in any case within the term specified in the transportation permit or shipping documents, the proof or the shipping papers must be returned to the office that issued these documents.

The provisions of this article also apply to the transportation of candy syrup and unmixed molasses. The permit must be applied to the Sugar Distribution Office in Brussels.

Article 4.

The following is prohibited:

1. Making false declarations to obtain a transportation permit for sugar beets;
2. Failing to comply with the conditions set for transportation;
3. Using a transportation permit or a stamped shipping document more than once or retaining it without the right to do so (article 3, 5th paragraph);
4. Transporting sugar beets under a false designation or mixed with other field crops;
5. Altering or pasting over a transportation permit or stamped shipping documents, or using such altered or pasted-over documents.

Article 5.

Anyone who violates the provisions of this ordinance or the instructions issued for its implementation will be punished in accordance with the regulation of 22 September 1917 on the traffic of beets, etc., with imprisonment or at least one year in prison or with a fine of at least 10,000 marks; both penalties can also be imposed simultaneously; in addition, the goods and means of transport may be confiscated.

Brussels, 29 September 1917. Namur, 29 September 1917.

The Head of Administration for Flanders. The Head of Administration for Wallonia.

SCHAIBLE. NEEL.

Explanation

For the implementation of the regulation (A. 22928) of 31 July 1917, concerning the seizure and delivery obligation of furnishing articles made of copper, brass, and bronze in medical supplies as well as in and on buildings,

and to my implementation announcement (H. G. R. 23166/II).

Class 20: Decorative Objects.

The French translation of the word ‘Liergegenstände’ (objects of ornamentation) has caused confusion.

Therefore, I announce that objects to be considered as decorative objects within the meaning of this regulation are: sculptures, fireplace garnitures, clocks (pendulums), vases, flowerpots, etc., made of copper, brass, and bronze; however, the decorations applied to furniture with these metals do not fall under class 20. The provisions of the other classes of the regulation are not hereby changed.

Brussels, 1 October 1917.

The Head of the Department for Trade and Industry at the General Governor in Belgium

Dr. von KOHLER."