DECREE

1) Every political demonstration in public is forbidden. The following are, among others, to be considered as such: gatherings in the streets, cheering and jeering, the closing of shops, warehouses, cafés, restaurants, etc., wearing clothes of the same color by arrangement, wearing insignia and the like.

2) Offenses are punished, insofar as no heavier penalty is provided, with imprisonment or detention of up to 6 months or a fine of up to 20,000 marks. Imprisonment and fines can be imposed simultaneously.

3) Military courts and military authorities are authorized to judge.

Brussels, July 30, 1916.

The General-Governor in Belgium
Baron VON BISSING,
Colonel General.

DECREE

concerning the regulation of the butter trade

Article 1.

From September 1, 1916, only the association of butter merchants, called "Fédération Nationale des Unions Professionnelles de Marchands et Producteurs de Beurre," and the affiliated professional associations of traders, called "Unions Professionnelles Provinciales de Marchands et Producteurs de Beurre," and the members of these associations may trade butter professionally. The statutes of the association of butter merchants are subject to my approval.

Trading within the meaning of paragraph 1 is to be understood as:

1. the regular purchase and sale of butter, especially by state and municipal administrations, consumer establishments and cooperatives, facilities of public interest, and other similar institutions.

2. the sale by producers to consumers, to the association of butter merchants, to the affiliated professional associations of traders, and their members, as well as to the aforementioned institutions and establishments.

Article 2.

Butter traders whose unreliability in their business dealings has been proven may be excluded from the professional trade in butter for the area of the General Government by the chairman of the civil administration responsible for the location of the business.

The chairman of the civil administration can further impose restrictions on the purchase and sale of butter by the institutions and establishments mentioned under number 1 of paragraph 2 of article 1.

Article 3.

Persons authorized to purchase butter must always be able to prove this. This regulation does not apply to persons who purchase butter for personal use.

Article 4.

Violations of the above provisions are punished with detention or imprisonment of up to one year or a fine of up to ten thousand marks. Both penalties may also be imposed simultaneously.

In addition, confiscation of the goods may be ordered.

Article 5.

Competent to judge are the military courts and military commanders.

Article 6.

Article II of the decree from February 12, 1916 (Law and Decree Gazette p. 1625) is repealed.

Brussels, July 26, 1916.

The General-Governor in Belgium