Official report from yesterday.

Russian theater of war.

The Russians had entrusted the defense of the sectors Zolkiew-Mikolajow on the northwest and west front of the belt surrounding Lemberg to a considerable force. On June 22 at 5 AM, the Viennese militia stormed the field fortification Rzezna on the road Janow-Lemberg. At the same time, our troops advanced over the heights east of the Mlynowka stream and stormed some fieldworks in front of the height Lysa-Gora. The other redoubts and defensive works on the northwest and west fronts were conquered during the morning after bloody battles. As a result, the Russian front was once again broken through. The enemy had to accept retreat again with heavy losses. Our troops pursued the enemy to beyond the heights east and northeast of Lemberg and crossed south of this city the road leading to Mikolajow. Cavalry General Boehm-Ermolli, at the head of the army group, made his entrance into Lemberg at 4 PM, amid the cheering of the population. Also, at Zolkiew and east of Rawaruska the Russians are retreating. Local forward movements of the enemy at the Tanew were halted. Last night, the enemy began retreating further between the San and the Vistula and in the mountainous area near Kielce. The allied troops are pursuing him at all points. The general situation at the Dniester remains unchanged.

Italian theater of war.

The Italians, who have now been at war for a full month, can point to no serious advantage. Our troops are holding their positions in the southwest in the same locations near or at the border as before the outbreak of hostilities. On the Isonzo front, in the fortified border area Flitsch-Malborghet, at the Krn ridge and on all other fronts in Tyrol, the enemy advance was halted with heavy losses for the Italians.

LONDON, June 23. Reuter learns from Norwich that the steamship "Punisiana" was stranded near Pokefields shortly before 2 PM. The ship had been torpedoed by a German submarine. The 33 crew members have landed at Lowestoft. The "Punisiana" was on its way from Montreal to Hull with a load of wheat.

LONDON, June 23. (Reuter report.) Lloyd learns from Fraserburgh (county of Aberdeen): The English steamship "Carisbrook", which was on its way with a load of wheat from Montreal to Leith, was sunk by a German submarine off Kinnairds Head. The crew has arrived in Fraserburgh.