Notice

In contrast to my efforts to stimulate trade and movement in the country, stands my military duty, to prevent enemy espionage and to ensure that able Belgians do not escape to the enemy armies.

If this military duty compels me to impose certain restrictions on public travel on the population, the blame for these measures lies to a significant extent with that part of the population that furthers the aforementioned attempts.

In view of this, I regretfully find myself unable to lift the existing pass requirements in the provinces bordering the Netherlands, specifically in:

Province of Limburg,
District of Liège with fortified area,
District of Verviers,
Province and fortified area of Antwerp,

as well as in the region near our combat front, the district of Tournai.

In all other parts of the territory under my control, I wish — trusting in the fair conduct of the population — to lift the existing travel restrictions imposed by the pass obligation, except those regarding automobile traffic.

For the PASS OBLIGATION AREA subject to the pass requirement, a TRANSIT AUTHORIZATION will be mandatory for AUTOMOBILE, RAILWAY, LOCAL RAILWAY, WATERWAY, BICYCLE, CART TRAFFIC (this only outside the enclosed places) and PEDESTRIAN TRAFFIC (outside the area within 6 kilometers around the relevant residence).

However, to make it possible to expel all persons found outside enclosed places, an obligation is generally introduced for every PRIVATE INDIVIDUAL OF EVERY NATIONALITY over the age of 15 to carry an IDENTITY CARD. This card must, on a form provided here, show: name, place of residence, place and date of birth, age, occupation, and photograph, as well as an attestation from the issuing official.

The existing pass requirements concerning traffic between Belgium and abroad, as well as with the stage and war areas, remain in effect.

I expect that these efforts of mine to revive trade and movement and which show my concern to bestow prosperity and growth back to the country, will be properly understood by the authorities as well as by the population, so that I am not forced to introduce more stringent pass requirements.

THESE REGULATIONS COME INTO EFFECT AS OF MARCH 1, 1915.

Brussels, February 18, 1915.

The General Governor in Belgium
Baron von BISSING,
General.