Communications from the
German General-
Government.

VIENNA, May 16. (Official report from
yesterday.) In Poland and Galicia,
the Russian armies continue their retreat. The
allied armies advance on the entire front,
from Nowe Miasto (on the Pilica) to the
vicinity of Dolina (south of the Dniester).
Our troops have recaptured Rudnik and Lezajsk, by
the San, and the Germans have retaken Jarosław. The
X* Austro-Hungarian army corps, comprising
forces from central Galicia, stands before the
gates of its garrison town, Przemyśl. More
southward, we have retaken Dobromil, Stary Sam-
bor, and Borysław. The allied
troops under von Linsingen have reached the
heights southwest of Dolina. On the
Pruth front, the Russians continue their attacks.
Carinthian and Styrian infantry
from army and militia, north of
Kolomyia, in bitter combats, with stubborn
perseverance, have bloodily repulsed all Russian
onslaughts.

VIENNA, May 17. (Official report from
yesterday.) The allied troops pursue
the enemy in Russian Poland south of the
lower Pilica. They have cleared the mountainous area from
Kielce to the upper Kamienna from the enemy and have
advanced along the
Vistula to the heights north of Kłobuck.
On the line Rudnik-Przemyśl,
at the San, the Russian rearguard
was driven from the western bank. Numerous
prisoners remained in our hands. The armies,
coming from the Beskid Carpathians, are continuing
their advance. Yesterday, a strong
Russian rearguard near the Magierówka
heights was defeated. We captured
7 cannons, 11 machine guns, and made
more than 1,000 prisoners. In the morning,
our troops, with music at the head and
cheered by the populace, entered Sambor.
In eastern Galicia, new Russian
attacks north of Kolomyia were repulsed; we
seized a Russian support
point once more. Further downstream on the Pruth down to
the national borders, there is relative calm.

BERLIN, May 15. The submarine that
torpedoed the "Lusitania" provides the
following account: The submarine
spotted the steamship, which flew no flag,
on May 4, at 2:20 p.m. (Central European Time),
off the southern coast of Ireland.
It was clear and bright weather.
At 3:10 p.m., it fired a torpedo at the
"Lusitania" and hit the ship on the starboard
side, at the height of the command bridge. The
torpedo explosion was immediately followed
by a second, extraordinarily powerful
explosion. The steamship quickly listed to
starboard and began to sink. The
second explosion is attributed to the
detonation of the munitions it had
on board.

ATHENS, May 15. Reports from Mytilene
state that bloody battles on the coasts of
the Gallipoli peninsula continue with great
fury. The Turks are fighting with
great courage and are easily repelling all
attacks.