Regulation concerning the language of instruction in secondary educational institutions.

By rescinding articles 1 to 5 of the law of 15 June 1883 on the use of the Dutch language in secondary education in Flanders and the law of 12 May 1910, regarding the study of modern languages in secondary education, higher grade, I decree the following:

Article 1.

In all educational institutions that fall under the laws of 1 June 1850 and 15 June 1881, including the related kindergartens, preparatory, and other sections, education in all subjects will be conducted in the national language, Dutch, except for the new foreign languages, which can be taught through the use of those languages themselves.

In the municipalities of Anderlecht-Kuregem, Brussels, Ixelles, Etterbeek, Saint-Gilles, Sint-Pieters-Jette, Saint-Josse-ten-Noode, Koekelberg, Laeken, Sint-Jans-Molenbeek, Schaerbeek, Uccle, and Forest, this provision is applied with the following exceptions:

1. The Minister of Science and Arts can, for a transitional period until 1 September 1925, allow special institutions or special departments with French as the language of instruction for children for whom it has been proven that they cannot follow education through Dutch.

The evidence required for admission to these institutions or departments can only be provided through a declaration from the Minister of Science and Arts.

In all the classes of these institutions or departments, Dutch must be taught as a subject for at least six hours a week.

2. Outside these specially permitted institutions or departments, Dutch will be introduced as the language of instruction at the beginning of the school year 1918/1919, in kindergartens, in the first three study years of the preparatory sections of secondary educational institutions, in the first study year of secondary educational institutions, lower grade, in the first three study years of secondary educational institutions, higher grade, and in the existing Flemish departments.

Children who, at the beginning of the 1918/1919 school year, have had less than three study years in the preparatory sections of secondary educational institutions or less than one study year in secondary educational institutions, lower grade, or less than three study years in secondary educational institutions, higher grade, taught with French as the language of instruction, will be placed in the specially mentioned institutions or departments referred to in paragraph 1, if it is proven that they are unable to follow education through Dutch.

3. For children who, at the beginning of the 1918/1919 school year, have already been taught with French as the language of instruction during the study years mentioned in the first sentence of paragraph 2, French can remain the language of instruction. For these children, Dutch must be taught as a subject for at least six hours a week.

Insofar as Dutch is therefore not yet the language of instruction, it will be introduced each year in a subsequent study year from the school year 1919/1920 onwards.

Article 2.
Instruction in a second or more languages may only be given in actual secondary education, not yet in the preparatory sections.

Article 3.
Starting 1 January 1919, only those will be admitted to the exams for
candidate in philosophy and literature,
candidate-notary,
candidate in natural sciences,
candidate in mathematics and physics,
candidate-engineer,
who either 1. holds an approved certificate of complete secondary studies, higher grade, issued by an institution where education is provided in accordance with the provisions of articles 1 and 2 of this regulation, or 2. has passed the preparatory exam, required by articles 10 and 12 of the law of 10 April 1890, in Dutch.

Article 4.
This regulation will take effect on 1 September 1918. Preparatory measures should be taken without delay.

Article 5.
The Minister of Science and Arts is tasked with the implementation of this regulation. He may, in very urgent cases, allow exceptions to the provisions of the regulation, however, not for a longer period than three years, counting from the entry into force of this regulation.

Article 6.
All provisions in conflict with this regulation are revoked as of 1 September 1918.
Brussels, 4 June 1918.

The General Governor in Belgium.

Freiherr von FALKENHAUSEN,

Generaloberst.

Regulation concerning the access to Public Offices.

10 April 1890
3 July 1891

Article 1.

From 1 January 1919 onward, only those who have taken the relevant examination entirely in Dutch or who have proven through a special examination that they have sufficient command of Dutch to perform their duty will be admitted to a public office of the state, province, or municipality, for which taking a scientific or skill-based exam is required.

Article 2.
The further provisions regarding the arrangement of the special examination referred to in article 1 and the appointment of the jury will be determined by the Minister of Science and Arts.

Article 3.

As far as the admission to public offices does not require exams as per article 1, candidates who have completed lower grade studies of the third degree in 1919 or later must submit the certificate of the third degree as envisaged by today's regulation amending the law of 15 June 1914, regulating primary education; from 1 September 1926 on, they must also submit the certificate of the fourth degree unless a certificate of secondary studies is submitted.

Article 4.

Diplomas that grant the holder whole or partial exemption from one or another exam based on the relevant provisions only fall under this regulation insofar as they are issued by institutions with Dutch as the language of instruction.

Under modification of article 49 of the law, I decree the following:

Brussels, 4 June 1918.

The General Governor in Belgium.

Freiherr von FALKENHAUSEN,

Generaloberst.