Announcements from the

German General

Government.

BERLIN, June 15. (Official report of 
this afternoon.)

— Western front.

Yesterday the French suffered another 
defeat. Despite the considerable losses on 
June 13, they continued their breakthrough 
attempt on the Liévin-Arras line with great 
tenacity. Once again, the fire of our brave 
troops stopped the French attacks, which 
were preceded by an extraordinarily fierce 
bombardment, carried out in closed ranks; 
the losses of the enemy are enormous. We 
have not yet managed to retake the trench 
sections that we lost on June 6 northwest of 
Moulin-sous-Touvent (northwest of Soissons). 
North of Perthes and Le Mesnil, in 
Champagne, the battle has flared up again 
here and there; however, the enemy has 
not gained the slightest advantage. 
On Sunday, enemy artillery fired on the 
church of Leflingen, southwest of Ostend, 
during the religious service. Some Belgian 
civilians were injured. Yesterday, an 
enemy squadron dropped bombs on the 
open city of Karlsruhe, which lies entirely 
outside the theater of war and possesses 
no fortifications whatsoever. As far as we 
know so far, 11 civilians were killed and 
6 injured. Of course, there can be no 
question of military damage. One of our 
combat aircraft shot down a plane from 
the enemy squadron. The occupants were 
killed. Another enemy aviator had to 
land near Schirmeck.

Eastern front

West of Szawle, German troops stormed 
and captured the village of Dauksze; they 
then repelled several counterattacks by 2 
to 3 Russian regiments. 4 officers and 1,660 
men were taken prisoner. A significant 
enemy force repeatedly, but unsuccessfully, 
attacked our newly won positions south and 
east of the Mariampol-Kowno road 
yesterday. Our troops went on the attack on 
the Lipowo-Kalwaria front, broke through the 
Russian positions, and captured the foremost 
Russian trenches. On the Orzyc, our troops 
stormed the village of Jednorozec, southeast of 
Chorzele, as well as Czerwona-Gora and 
the bridge to the east of it. The booty at this 
place amounts to 425 prisoners. Enemy 
attack attempts at points of our intrusion 
in their positions near Bolimow failed.

Southeastern front.

The enemy, defeated in the battle on 
June 13 and 14 by General von Mackensen's 
army, has not succeeded in establishing 
itself in its prepared second position 
northwest of Jaworowo. The enemy was 
pushed back wherever it tried to hold. 
The booty is growing. In view of the 
vigorous pursuit, the Russians must also 
retreat south of the Przemysl-Lemberg 
railway. Troops of General von der Marwitz 
captured Moszisca yesterday. The right 
wing of General von Linsingen's army 
stormed the heights west of Jezupol; his 
cavalry reached the area south of 
Mariampol.