Regulation

1) Any political demonstration in public is forbidden. Among others, the following are to be considered as such: gatherings in the street, shouts of acclamation and insults, the closing of shops, warehouses, coffee houses, restaurants, etc., the wearing of predetermined clothes of the same color, the wearing of emblems, and similar.

2) Offenses will be punished, unless a harsher penalty is provided, by imprisonment for up to 6 months or a fine of up to 20,000 marks. Imprisonment and fines can be pronounced simultaneously.

3) The military courts and military authorities are competent to adjudicate.
Brussels, 30th July 1916.

The General-Governor in Belgium
Freiherr VON BISSING,
Generaloberst.

Regulation

concerning the regulation of the butter trade!

Article 1.

From 1 September 1916, only the association of butter vendors, called "Fédération Nationale des Unions Professionnelles de Marchands et Producteurs de Beurre," the associated professional associations of vendors called "Unions Professionnelles Provinciales de Marchands et Producteurs de Beurre," and the members of these associations may engage in the professional business of trading in butter. The regulations of the association of butter vendors are subject to my approval.

In the sense of section 1, trading is to be understood as:

1. The purchase and sale of butter, especially also by state and municipal administrations, consumer associations, and cooperatives, institutions of public utility, and other such institutions.

2. The selling by producers to consumers, to the association of butter vendors, to the associated professional associations of vendors and the members of these associations, as well as to the establishments and institutions mentioned in section 1.

Article 2.

Butter traders whose unreliability concerning their business dealings has been demonstrated, can be excluded by the chairman of the civil administration, competent for the place where the business is located, from the professional trade in butter for the territory of the General Government.

The chairman of the civil administration can furthermore impose restrictions on the purchase and sale of butter by the institutions and establishments mentioned in section 1 of subsection 2 of article 1.

Article 3.

Persons entitled to purchase butter must always be able to prove this. This provision does not apply to persons who buy butter for their own consumption.

Article 4.

Violations of the above provisions are punishable by up to one year of detention or imprisonment, or by a fine of up to ten thousand marks. Both penalties can also be pronounced simultaneously.

Furthermore, forfeiture of the goods can be decided.

Article 5.

The military courts and military authorities are competent to adjudicate.

Article 6.

Article IE of the regulation of 12 February 1916 (Law and Regulation Journal pg. 1625) is repealed.

Brussels, 26th July 1916.

The General-Governor in Belgium
Freiherr VON BISSING,
Generaloberst.