The translation is:

"Announcements from the

German General-
Government.

= Daily German report.

BERLIN, May 7. (Official report from
this afternoon.)

Western theatre.

Near Ypres, all the English attempts failed to take hill 60, southeast of Zillebeke, from us, which has been a focal point of battle since April 19. We made some progress further towards Ypres. In these battles, the enemy lost 7 machine guns, 1 trench mortar, and several rifles with ammunition yesterday. New attacks caused the English additional serious losses this morning. Between the Meuse and Moselle, we retained and strengthened the captured terrain on the Meuse hills, as well as southwest and south of the Ailly forest. The French remain at Flirey in a small section of trench of our position: all other attacks were repelled there. Enemy attack attempts north of Steinabruck, in the Fecht valley, were smothered by our fire in their infancy.

Eastern theatre.

The battles south of Szadow and east of Roscinie resulted in a sensitive defeat for the Russians, who suffered heavy losses and lost 1,500 prisoners. They are in full retreat. Southwest of Kalvaria, south of Augustowo, and west of Prasznysch, we bloodily repelled isolated Russian attacks. The enemy lost a total of another 520 prisoners.

Southeastern theatre.
The allied troops achieved a significant victory yesterday in battles on the right bank of the lower Dunajec. The enemy is in hasty retreat to the east there; only a small Russian detachment still holds position on the Vistula. We pushed further southward on the right bank of the Wisloka towards the Wislok and over the Jasielika. At various points, detachments of the right flank of the armies under General von Mackensen already encountered Russian columns, retreating hastily on the Carpathian front, pursued closely by the allies. Our spoils continue to grow steadily.

VIENNA, May 6, 4 p.m.
(Official). Our troops also captured the last Russian positions on the heights east of the Dunajec and Biała. By 10 in the morning, Tarnow was once again in our possession.

LONDON, May 6. (Reuter report.) It is signaled from West Hartlepool that a German submarine sank the fishing boat 'Stratton' yesterday in the North Sea.

The General Government in Belgium"