In addition to the Regulation of 19 July 1916 concerning the inventory of fabrics, manufactured and knitted goods, and ribbons in Belgium, further referred to simply as "Regulation," it is stipulated:

I. In addition to the items listed in the Regulation, the following must also be declared:

a) towels of all kinds (e.g., toilet towels, kitchen towels, bath towels, etc.) in quantities of more than 60 pieces of the same kind, regardless of color, pattern, and dimensions;

b) cloths in quantities of more than 60 pieces of the same kind, regardless of color, pattern, and dimensions;

c) bed sheets in quantities of more than 15 pieces of the same kind, regardless of color, pattern, and dimensions;

d) men's shirts in quantities of more than 30 pieces of the same kind, regardless of color, pattern, and dimensions;

e) knitted and manufactured gloves, mittens from fabric, for men and young men, in quantities of more than 60 pairs of the same kind, regardless of color, pattern, and dimensions. The conflicting exception provision of paragraph 2 number 5 of the Regulation is repealed, insofar as it relates to gloves.

f. sashes for men and young men in quantities of more than 60 pieces of the same kind, regardless of color, pattern, and dimensions.

II. In addition to the items listed in paragraph 2 of the Regulation, the following do not need to be declared:

a. women's handkerchiefs that are embroidered or lace-trimmed;

b. manufactured stitched blankets;

c. children's knitwear.

III. If the stocks of the fabrics listed under paragraph 2 number 23 of the Regulation, including available coupons, exceed the maximum quantity specified there for one and the same kind, the entire stock of the relevant kind, thus including the mentioned maximum quantity, must be declared.

IV. To paragraph 4 of the Regulation, the following is to be added after subsection 2:

"The provision of subsection 2 is not applicable to companies that have so far had clothes made for direct sale for their own use in their sewing workshops or at home."

V. The deadline for declaration (paragraph 1 subsection 1 of the Regulation) and for the separation (paragraph 6 subsection 2 of the Regulation) is extended to 28 August 1916.

VI. The declaration lists and samples must be sent free of postage and freight charges.

Brussels, 22nd August 1916.

The General Governor in Belgium,
Von Bissing