Regulation regarding the seizure and declaration of stocks of manganese, tungsten, chromium, molybdenum, vanadium, titanium, cobalt, nickel, etc.

Article I. Seizure. All stocks of the classes listed below, in solid and liquid state, are hereby seized: Class 1: Manganese as metal and in iron alloys (ferromanganese and spiegeleisen). Class 2: Manganese in ores and slags. Class 3: Tungsten as metal and as tungsten iron (ferrotungsten). Class 4: Tungsten steel with at least 1% tungsten content. Class 5: Tungsten in ores, slags, by-products, and intermediate products. Class 6: Chromium as metal and as chromium iron (ferrochrome). Class 7: Chromium steel with at least 0.5% chromium content. Class 8: Chromium in ores, salts, slags, by-products, and intermediate products. Class 9: Molybdenum as metal and in alloys (ferromolybdenum). Class 10: Molybdenum in ores, slags, by-products, and intermediate products. Class 11: Vanadium as metal and in alloys (ferrovanadium). Class 12: Vanadium in ores, salts, acids, slags, by-products, and intermediate products. Class 13: Titanium as metal and in alloys (ferrotitanium). Class 14: Titanium in ores, slags, by-products, and intermediate products. Class 15: Cobalt as metal and in alloys (ferrocobalt). Class 16: Cobalt in ores, salts, slags, by-products, and intermediate products. Class 17: Nickel as metal and in alloys. Class 18: Nickel in ores, salts, slags, by-products, and intermediate products. Class 19: Ferrosilicon, ferrophosphorus, silicon spiegeleisen, silicomanganese-aluminum. Class 20: Steel iron and spiegeleisen with 3-20% manganese content. Class 21: Hematite pig iron. The seizure also applies to scrap and old material, as well as to finished and semi-finished tools, in the case of the aforementioned iron alloys.

Article II: Persons, companies, etc., subject to the regulation. Subject to this regulation are: a) all industrial entrepreneurs and houses, in whose operations the items listed in Art. I are produced, processed, used, or consumed, insofar as the stocks are in their custody or under customs supervision; b) all persons and houses who have such items in custody for their trading business or otherwise for profit, insofar as the stocks are in their custody or under customs supervision; c) all municipalities, public legal bodies, and associations, in whose operation such items are produced, processed, or consumed, or who have such items in custody, insofar as the stocks are in their custody or under customs supervision. For stocks that are on foreign attics, in warehouses and other storage places, if the person entitled to dispose of them does not keep their stocks locked, the owners of the respective storage places are responsible for complying with this regulation. If branch establishments (subsidiary factories, branch stores, branch offices, etc.) are available in the territory of the General Government, the main house is also obliged to report for these branch establishments.

Article III. Execution of the seizure. 1. The persons, companies, etc. mentioned in Art. II are responsible for the proper custody and availability of the seized items. 2. Any use of the seized items is only permitted with express permission from the Department for Trade and Industry (Abteilung für Handel und Gewerbe), Kunstherlevingslaan 30, Brussels. - Insofar as the items are required for the continuation of the enterprise at the time of the enactment of this regulation, their use is allowed to the extent that existed until the decision of the Department for Trade and Industry, upon an application submitted without delay. 3. All legal transactions regarding the seized items, except those expressly permitted by the Department for Trade and Industry, are prohibited and invalid.

Article IV. Declaration of stocks. All stocks of the seized items in solid and liquid state as mentioned in Art. I must, specifying amount, location, and owner, be declared in writing by June 1, 1916, at the Department for Trade and Industry, Office for Raw Material Management (Abteilung für Handel und Gewerbe, Rehstoffverwaltungsstelle), Kunstherlevingslaan 30, Brussels. If any of the items listed in Art. I are imported or newly produced in Belgium, this increase must be declared at the aforementioned office before the end of the month in which the import or production occurs. The persons, companies, etc. mentioned in Art. II are required to declare.

Article V. Penalties. A maximum of 5 years imprisonment or a maximum fine of 20,000 marks is imposed: a) on anyone who sells or buys the items listed in Art. I or otherwise legally disposes of them without permission from the Department for Trade and Industry; b) on anyone who unlawfully removes these items or in any other way withdraws the contained metal from the seizure; c) on anyone who uses these items in their operation without the prescribed permission; d) on anyone who fails to make the prescribed declaration of stock or makes a false or incomplete declaration; e) on anyone who otherwise violates this regulation. An attempt to offend is punishable. In addition to this penalty, the item related to the offense can be declared forfeited for the German Reich by the administration without compensation. Competent for this are the German military commanders and military courts. Brussels, April 22, 1916. The Governor-General in Belgium, Freiherr von BISSING, Colonel-General.