"Announcements from the German General Government.

BERLIN, June 23. (Official report from this afternoon.)

Western front

Yesterday we shelled the fortress of Dunkirk, as well as the enemy troop concentrations at the towns of St.-Winoksbergen, Hondschoote, Fournes, and Kassel. From Givenchy to north of the La Bassée canal and at Neuville, our artillery suppressed enemy attacks in the bud. Our trench warfare is making good progress south of Souchez. On the Meuse Heights, the French continue their breakthrough attempts without achieving even the slightest advantage; moreover, their fruitless attacks cost them serious losses. So far, we have taken 280 unharmed Frenchmen, including 8 officers, as prisoners and captured 80 machine guns along with 20 mortars. East of Lunéville, the outpost engagements are still ongoing. In the Vosges, we stormed the height 631 near Ban de Sapt, which dominates the area and has been fiercely contested for months. Here we captured 193 prisoners, 3 machine guns, 1 mortar, and much other equipment. The enemy vainly attempted to retake this position. South of Neuville, one of our aviators shot down an enemy aircraft. What the French official report states about the capture of a German trench southwest of St-Joris by the Belgians is completely fabricated.

Eastern front

Nothing new.

Southeastern front

Austrian troops stormed and captured Lemberg yesterday afternoon, as well as the connecting Szczerek position from near Mikolajow, on the Dniester, to Lemberg. Further north, pursuing troops occupied the line Zoltance-Turynka (northeast of Zolkiew) east of Lemberg. Near Ravaruska and to the west of it, the situation remains unchanged. The Russians are retreating in the San and Vistula regions, as well as to the left of the Vistula.

VIENNA, June 23. — Report from yesterday.)

Italian front

At Plava, several enemy attacks were repelled again. An Italian aircraft dropped bombs on Görz without causing damage. On all fronts, the Italians are expending a lot of artillery ammunition but otherwise are not very active.

ROME, June 22. "Il Giornale d'Italia" announces from Cagliari: The Italian steamship "Cagliari" was shipwrecked on its journey from Cagliari to Livorno. The crew and passengers were saved."