"Announcements from the German General Government. 

VIENNA, June 12. (Official report from yesterday.) 

Russian War Theater.

In southeastern Galicia and in Bukovina, the allied armies continue their attack on Russian forces, which still hold out south of the Dniester, with success. Troops under General Pflanzer drove the enemy from his positions near Obertyn and Horodenka, north of Ottynia, and are advancing towards the Dniester. The Russians attempt to maintain themselves on the southern bank of this river. Further east of Czernowitz, the only place where Russians still stand by the Prut, our troops repelled an enemy attack after a brief fight. Elsewhere in the north, there is no change.

Italian War Theater.

The day before yesterday and yesterday, we repelled all Italian attacks on all fronts. The latest assault movement on a section of the bridgehead near Gorizia collapsed under the fire of the Dalmatian homeland defense. North of Ronchi, the enemy had no better luck. On the Isonzo front, the exchange of fire continues. Yesterday afternoon, we repelled a strong attack near Freikofel, on the Carinthian frontier, and a weaker one near the Wolayer Lake. At Peutelstein in Tyrol, an assault movement by an Italian brigade, which had crossed the border near Cortina d'Ampezzo, failed. The last attacks in this area and night battles at Landro also ended with the retreat of the enemy. In the other Tyrolean border areas, continuous exchanges of artillery fire and skirmishes favorable for us have taken place.

VIENNA, June 11. The war correspondent of the "Neue Freie Presse" reports from the Tyrolean war theater: In the Tonale area, our troops repelled small enemy attacks everywhere. At each of the Forcelina, Montozzo, and Tonale passes, half of an Italian company was mowed down. At the Paradiso pass, an Alpini battalion of four companies attacked, was repelled with the help of our fortress artillery, and lost at least 100 men. An Italian major and 2 captains were seriously wounded; 2 lieutenants were killed; 2 captains, a doctor, and 30 men remained prisoners in our hands. On our side, we had 3 severely and 3 lightly wounded. An injured Italian shot one of our soldiers, who tried to carry him away, in a treacherous manner.

CONSTANTINOPLE, June 11. During a battle in the Black Sea, the Turkish cruiser "Midilli" sank a large Russian destroyer and returned unharmed.

LONDON, June 12. The French bark "La Liberté," with a cargo of coal on board, was destroyed by a submarine with bombs off the coast of Lundy Island."