"Wob. Etappen-Kommandantur. Ghent, 17 November 1916.

Agricultural Operations Office. L. 3224.

_TO ALL MUNICIPALITIES._

It is hereby communicated that the entire surplus of potatoes must be delivered to the Etappen-Kommandantur, Agricultural Department, by 31 December 1916. This delivery must take place free of charge, Ghent, foreport, by wagon or by ship.

The municipality is responsible for ensuring that only goods of the first quality, and no spoiled or otherwise inedible potatoes, are delivered. The potatoes must be of the average size of a hen's egg. In cases where smaller potatoes are delivered, they will be paid for at a lower price than the established highest prices.

Potatoes that have already been buried must be dug out in time, so that they do not become wet upon delivery.

Municipalities must first deliver the initial quantity according to the attached invitation.

At the same time, the municipality is invited to compile the following lists and submit them to the Etappen-Kommandantur Agricultural Department by 25 November 1916, at 10 a.m.

I. List of potato growers who possess a surplus, containing:

A) The name of the farmer.

B) The harvested quantity.

C) The number of family members.

D) The quantity of potatoes needed for personal use.

E) The quantity reserved for seed.

F) Surplus.

G) Quantity from the surplus already delivered.

II. List of potato growers who do not reach sufficiency with their surplus, containing:

A) Name of the farmer.

B) Harvested quantity.

C) Number of family members.

D) Quantity reserved for seed.

E) Quantity lacking for family needs.

F) Subsidies already received.

III. List of municipal residents who have not grown potatoes, containing:

A) Name.

B) Number of family members.

C) Total quantity received.

D) Quantity of potatoes already received.

At this occasion, municipalities are reminded that the potato ration is to be calculated at 350 grams per person per day.

However, only 300 grams per person per day are to be distributed. The remaining 50 grams must form a reserve from which an allowance can be granted in times of special need (for the sick, for workers engaged in heavy labor, etc.).

Such requests must be addressed in writing to the Kommandantur, Agricultural Department.

The completion of these measures is obligatory for the municipality, as otherwise, the guarantee for a regular supply of potatoes to the inhabitants cannot be given. In the event of distributing higher rations, a deficit may arise which later may result in the municipality either facing a shortage or being unable to fulfill its delivery obligations. The resulting difficulties would then have to be borne by the municipality at its own expense.

Special regulations will be enacted for monasteries and institutions; they are therefore not included in the above lists.

Printed by St- Antonius, Jos. Dooreman-Volckaert."