"Announcements from the German General Government. Daily German Report. 

BERLIN, 6th May. (Official report of this afternoon.)

Western front. 

Almost along the entire front, there were heavy artillery battles. Near Ypres, we made progress again by capturing the Vanheule Farm and, along the Meesen-Tieperen road. We took a few hundred prisoners and captured 15 machine guns. In the wooded area west of Combres, an attack yielded us 4 officers, 135 men, 4 machine guns, and 1 trench mortar. An attack we launched yesterday in the Ailly Woods achieved its intended goal. The enemy was driven from his position, more than 2,000 Frenchmen, including 21 officers, 2 cannons, several machine guns, and trench mortars fell into our hands. Beyond that, the French suffered significant losses in dead and wounded. North of Flirey and near Croix-des-Carmes, the enemy went on the offensive. North of the first mentioned place, they reached our trenches at one point; the battle is still raging over a small section of them. The French have been repelled elsewhere. North of Steinabrück in the Vosges, an attack on our position was repelled.

Eastern front. 

Southwest of Mitau, south of Szadow, and east of Rossienis, the battles continue. Yesterday, strong Russian forces repeatedly attacked our positions north-east and south-east of Kalvaria throughout the day. All attacks failed with very heavy losses for the enemy. Russian advances towards our bridgehead on the Pilicza had the same outcome. That night, the fortress Grodno was bombed.

Southeastern front. 

In West Galicia, the rearguard of the fleeing enemy tried to offer desperate resistance to the allied armies under the command of General von Mackensen yesterday. However, this was broken with heavy blows on the heights of the left bank of the Wisloka, up and downstream from the Ropomouth. By evening, we had not only advanced across the Wisloka in several places, but we had also captured the road of the Dukla Pass and occupied the village of the same name. In the area east of Tarnow and north up to the Weichsel, fighting continued on the right bank of the Dunajec into the night. So far, we have made more than 40,000 prisoners; one should not lose sight of the fact that this happened during frontal battles. In the Beskid Mountains, on the road of the Lupka Pass, the attacks by the troops under Cavalry General von der Marwitz, and of the Austro-Hungarian army, with which they are closely connected, make good progress.

The General Government in Belgium."