"Announcements from the German General Government. Daily German report. BERLIN, May 1st. (Official report from this afternoon.) Western Front. The battles on the western bank of the canal to the northwest of Ypres, which we mentioned yesterday, ended in a very costly defeat for the enemy. To the east of the canal, north of Ypres, he made futile attacks. The bombardment of the fortress of Dunkirk continues. Between the Meuse and the Moselle, infantry battles only took place in the area of Ailly and Apremont. All French attacks failed and cost the enemy very heavy losses. In response to the shelling of our rest areas behind the front, we launched several shells into Reims on April 29th. The enemy can easily avoid a bombardment of Reims, as he is well aware of the reason for our actions. Yesterday, the enemy again lost three aircraft. To the northwest of Thielt, an English aircraft was shot down; another aircraft was brought down and destroyed by our fire near Wieltje, northwest of Ypres. The third, which was part of an enemy squadron, had to land at Nieder-Sulzbach.

Eastern Front. The battle at Szawla ended in our favor. The enemy, who suffered heavy losses, fled in the direction of Nitau after setting Szawla on fire in four places. The pursuit continues. So far, we have captured 1,000 prisoners and seized ten machine guns, large quantities of goods, ammunition wagons, and especially a lot of ammunition. Enemy attacks at Kalvaria and to the southwest of there were repelled with significant losses for the Russians. Here we captured another 350 men. However, the Russians succeeded in overrunning a German outpost company southwest of Augustowo at night and inflicted severe losses. East of Plock and on the southern bank of the Pilica, we repelled weak Russian attacks.

CONSTANTINOPLE, May 1st. On April 30th, at 5:25 p.m., the Headquarters reports: At Kaba Tepe and Gallipoli, the enemy attempted to escape from the narrow strip of land on which he was trapped. However, we thwarted his attempts and forced him back to within 500 meters of the coastline, where he found protection from his fleet. We inflicted extraordinarily heavy losses on him. We completely thwarted an enemy attempt to land troops in the Gulf of Saros under the protection of part of his fleet. From the other battlefields, there is nothing significant to report.

CONSTANTINOPLE, May 1st. It is reported from Erzerum: For three days, battles between scouts have been taking place south of Artvin. The enemy was repulsed everywhere with heavy losses. After a two-hour battle, the Russians retreated eastward.

The General Government"