Proclamation of the 4th Army. Wi, J. 9593.

Ele. O., the 12th of August 1916.

§ 1. — Annual thrashing and unthrashed willows from 1 m. to 1.80 m. in length will be assessed.
§ 2. — All who have stocks of willows are obliged to report these by 10 a.m. on August 20 to the Commandant's office, stating the owner and storage place.

§ 3. — All who have stocks of willows are responsible for expert storage.
4. — The processing, trade, and transportation of willows without the permission of the Etappe Inspection (Economic Committee) is prohibited.
§ 5. — Punishable by up to 3 years and a fine of up to 10,000 Marks or one of these penalties:
1) anyone who does not report their stocks in time or makes false declarations,
2) anyone who does not deliver their stocks upon request,
3) anyone who processes, transports, or trades the mentioned willows in § 1 without permission.

The willows will be forfeited in such cases. This is done by the German military command and military authorities.

WiS.a. E. J.

The Chief of the General Staff,
signed v. MUELLER, Lieutenant Colonel.

Mobile Etappe Commandancy. J. Nr. 5203.

GHENT, the 29th of August 1916

COLORED MATCHES (Matches)

as well as all kinds of objects used for fireworks are to be considered assessed. The use of these is strictly forbidden. The Insp. I. places:

The Etappe Commandant,
signed v. WICK, Lieutenant Colonel.

Mobile Etappe Commandancy. J. Nr. 3189

GHENT, the 30th of August 1916.

The processing of assessed willows is prohibited without the permission of the Etappe Inspection (Economic Committee).

Basket makers, etc., are to be informed that for the manufacture of green, fruit, and fish baskets only, but not for the manufacture of seats, travel baskets, etc., the willows will be freely released.

For seats, travel baskets, etc., transport and transportation permits will no longer be issued.

The Mayors are to notify the interested parties of the above notice.

The Etappe Commandant,
signed von WICK, Lieutenant Colonel.

Printed St-Antonius, Jos. Dooreman-Volckaert.