"Regulation regarding the declaration of stocks and the seizure of zinc and cadmium (raw materials and semi-finished products).

Article 1. All stocks of the items specified below, available in the territory of the General Government on August 18, 1917, must be declared and are hereby seized:

1. Pure zinc, i.e., with a pure zinc content of at least 99%.
2. Raw zinc, unrefined and refined with less than 99% zinc content.
3. Zinc in semi-finished products of any kind, especially rolled, drawn, cast, pressed, stamped, sprayed, e.g., plates, bars, tubes, pressed pieces, wire, and other commercially usual forms.
4. Zinc remelted from old zinc and old zinc alloys, casting defects, hard zinc, shavings, and all kinds of waste, as well as zinc in old zinc and in all kinds of old zinc alloys, casting defects, hard zinc, shavings, and all kinds of waste.
5. Zinc ores with 20% or more zinc content.
6. Furthermore, all objects intended or suitable for the preparation of zinc with a pure content of at least 20% zinc, e.g., zinc ash, salmiac slags, etc.
7. Zinc powder, zinc oxide, zinc white.
8. Cadmium and cadmium-containing substances.

Article 2. All natural and legal persons, in particular, also municipalities and public legal bodies, who have in custody the items listed under article 1, whether they are the owners or merely have the right to dispose of them, are obliged to declare these. The legal representatives are responsible for the actions of private and public legal persons.

Article 3. All stocks which fall under the application of this Regulation must be declared in writing to the Department of Trade and Industry, Raw Materials Office (Abteilung für Handel und Gewerbe, Rohstoffverwaltungsstelle) Kunstherlevingslaan 30, Brussels, no later than September 15, 1917. Declarations must be made on the forms provided for this purpose, which are available free of charge at the Kommandaturen and the Department of Trade and Industry, Raw Materials Office.

The different branch offices of the same enterprise must each fill out a separate form.

Article 4. By the very fact of the seizure of the items enumerated in article 1, any legal transaction concerning them, as well as any transport and any utilization, processing, or modification thereof, is prohibited.

The owner is obliged to store the items carefully and to handle them properly until further notice.

The Department of Trade and Industry is authorized to issue special implementing provisions concerning the items that fall under the application of this Regulation. They can grant exceptions to the prohibition of paragraph 1 when requested in writing.

Article 5. The "Zentral-Einkaufsgesellschaft für Belgien, Abteilung Metalle," Kunstherlevingslaan 30, Brussels, as well as the traders and associations of traders who have been authorized by the Department of Trade and Industry, have the right to purchase the items to be declared.

In the event that no private purchase agreement can be reached, the items in question may be expropriated. In such cases, the deliverer receives a receipt; compensation is arranged by the "Reich Compensation Commission."

Article 6. Whoever intentionally or negligently violates the provisions of this Regulation or the implementing provisions issued on its basis, shall be punished with imprisonment for up to 2 years and a fine of up to 25,000 marks, or with one of these penalties, unless a stricter penalty is provided for by another penal law. Besides this penalty, in all cases, the confiscation of the items involved in the punishable act can be pronounced. Confiscation must be pronounced when the violation was committed intentionally. Attempting to violate is punishable.

Furthermore, the provisions of the Regulation of June 17, 1917, extending the penal provisions of the Regulations issued in connection with the war economy, are applicable.

The German military courts and military commanders are competent to pass judgment.

Brussels, July 26, 1917.

The General Governor in Belgium, Freiherr von FALKENHAUSEN, Generaloberst."