Official announcements of the German General Government.

BERLIN, June 21. (Official report from yesterday.)

Western battlefield.

North of the La Bassée Canal, as well as on the front north of Arras, we have repelled several separate enemy attacks with heavy losses. A French unit, which attacked near Perthes in Champagne following a mine explosion, was cut to pieces. French enterprises against our outposts near the Parroy forest led to local fights, in which we gained the upper hand. The French have opened a heavy fire on Munster in the Vosges; their repeated attacks in the Fecht Valley, as well as south of it, brought them no advantage. An enemy aircraft squadron bombarded Iseghem in Flanders without causing military damage; one aircraft was shot down, several others were forced to hastily return. We also shot down an enemy aircraft over Vouziers in Champagne.

Eastern battlefield.

Near Szawle and Augustowo, Russian attacks were repelled. Forward movements of relatively small German units put us in possession of the forward enemy positions at Budt-Przysieki and at Zalesie (east of the Prasnysz-Myszyniec road).

Southeastern battlefield.

Troops under General von Woyrsch captured several forward works of the enemy south of the Pilica in recent days. The armies of General von Mackensen have captured the position at Grodek. Yesterday, in the early morning hours, German troops and the corps of General von Arz launched an attack on the well-entrenched enemy position. After a stubborn struggle, the various successive rows of trenches over a 35-kilometer front, extending from north of Janow to Huta-Obeddynska (southwest of Rawa-Ruska), were almost entirely captured by storm in the afternoon. By evening, the enemy was driven back behind the main road from Lolkiew (north of Lemberg) to Rawa-Ruska. As a result of this defeat, the enemy also began retreating last night from the adjacent position between Grodek and the Dniester marshes. The Austro-Hungarian troops are closely pursuing them there. Between the Dniester marshes and the Stryj estuary, the enemy has evacuated the southern Dniester bank.

VIENNA, June 20. (Official report from 10 a.m.) Repulsed entirely on the Wereszyca position front, the Russians have been in full retreat since 3 a.m.