The relevant and required information is as follows:

---

Concerning the regulation:

§ 1. Objects subject to the application of this regulation.
All the stocks of solid and liquid materials belonging to the following classes and present in the area of the General Government on August 1, 1916, must be declared according to the following provisions:

A. Copper and tin in ores, as raw metal, semi-finished, etc.

Class 1. Copper in ores, by-products and intermediate products of the metal industry, with at least 2% of the total metal content.

2. Copper in chemical products (copper sulfate, copper shavings).

3. Unprocessed copper, all types of refined and unrefined raw copper, including electrolytic copper.

4. Processed copper, especially forged, flattened, drawn, cast, pressed, cut, sprayed, milled, drilled, turned, planed, filed copper (as well as all separate parts, spare parts, or components, not assembled or ready for use).

This includes pipes, bare wires, and cables. Excluded are wires with a centerline less than 0.5mm, ropes and fabrics made from such wires, sheet and foil with a thickness less than 0.2mm, as well as screws and nuts weighing less than 5 grams each.

5. Copper wire and cables with at least 5mm middle wire thickness of an inch diameter. Excluded are silk-wrapped and elastic-insulated wires.

6. All kinds of copper scrap and old copper, also in disassembled old machines and devices and parts thereof.

7. Copper in alloys with zinc, especially brass and tombac, unworked in bars, plates, and similar forms, as well as processed as per the 4th class.

8. Copper in alloys with tin, especially bronze and gunmetal, unworked and processed as per the 4th class.

9. Copper in alloys with nickel, especially nickel silver, alpaca, alfenide, unworked and processed as per the 4th class.

10. Copper in alloys with other non-ferrous metals, unworked and processed as per the 4th class.

11. Copper of classes 7 to 10 as all kinds of old material and waste, also in disassembled old machines and devices and parts thereof.

12. Tin in ores, by-products and intermediate products of the metal industry with at least 2% of the total metal content.

13. Tin in chemical products (tin ash, tin salts, etc.).

14. Tin as Straits, Banka, Penang, and Lamm tin.

15. Tin processed as per the 4th class, especially pipes, unfinished tubes, cylinders, and kitchen utensils (cookware).

16. All kinds of tin scrap and old tin.

17. Tin in alloys with non-listed above metals (white metal, etc.).

18. Tinfoil.

B. Copper and tin in finished products for industrial purposes.

Class 19. Installed finished wooden plank pipes with copper pipe connections, including those of railways and uncovered track joints.

20. Above-ground and underground installed insulated lines with copper conductors (cables):
a) Above-ground, when separate conductors have more than 25mm cross-section.
b) Underground, when separate conductors have more than 50mm cross-section.

21. Copper bands and connection leads of switching devices.

22. Copper stoves.

23. Installed copper pipes with 10mm and more than 10mm outside diameter.

24. Drums made of alloys with tin in gas meters.

C. Copper, bronze, brass, and tin of finished products for household purposes, etc.

Class 25. All kinds of copper, bronze, and brass kitchen utensils (cookware) and household items for kitchens and bakeries.

26. Copper, bronze, and brass washing boilers, bathtubs, hot water holders of cooking machines and fireplaces, water tanks, and pipelines.

27. Tin attachments and coverings on counters, installed tin pipes with 10mm and more than 10mm outside diameter, such as for beer lines.

The declaration of stocks also applies to those copper, bronze, brass, and tin items stated under A, B, and C above which are coated (metal, lacquer, paint, etc.). Excluded are items coated with copper, brass, and tin (e.g., galvanic plating) that are not made of iron or other non-listed metals. Also excluded are items coated with silver and gold.

§ 2. Persons, corporations, etc., subject to the application of this regulation.

Subject to this regulation:
a) Concerning the classes mentioned in § 1 under A and B from 1 to 24, all natural and legal persons, associations, bodies, or unions of private or public legal nature, in whose enterprises the items specified in classes 1 to 24 are produced or processed, consumed or used, or who hold such items in deposit for trading or other purposes, so far as the stocks are under their custody or are there under customs supervision for them;
b) Concerning the classes mentioned in § 1 under C from 25 to 27:
a) Enterprises for housing or hosting foreign people, especially hotels, inns, and taverns, canteens, coffee houses, pastry shops, bakeries, butcher shops, and kitchen installations,
b) Baths, penal institutions (penal colonies, etc.), workhouses (correctional institutions, etc.),
c) Factories, trading houses, and private persons who have in possession or custody items specified in classes 25 to 27 which are intended for sale.

For stocks categorized by classes 1 to 27 that lie in foreign attics, warehouses, and other storage places, the possessors of the respective storage places are obliged to declare, provided that the one who is authorized to dispose of it does not keep their stocks under lock themselves.

Gas factories must declare the drums of the gas meters.

§ 3. Exceptions.

No need for declaration:
a) For stocks of a class, when their total weight does not exceed the following amount for the relevant class:
For classes 1 to 11 and 19 to 23, 16 kg copper weight,
For classes 12 to 18, 3 kg,
For classes 24 and 25, 20 kg tin weight,
For class 26, 20 kg copper weight,
For class 27, 10 kg tin weight;
b) For items that have value from an artistic, art-historical, or archaeological point of view;
c) Copper, etc., from electrical machines, both transformers, transformers, and associated devices and spare parts, which, according to § 6 of March 6, 1916 (Law and Decree Gazette No. 188) remain reserved.

§ 4. Declaration of stocks.

The stocks specified under § 1 classes 1 to 27 must be declared at the latest by September 1, 1916, by those subject under application criteria of § 2 of this regulation, on special lists: stocks of classes 1 to 24 on yellow, those of classes 25 to 27 on green declaration lists. The competent district chief (Kommandant, Abschnittskommandeur) determines through a special announcement where the completed declaration lists are to be delivered and where these are available for free.

The declaration must be based on the stock as it is on August 1, 1916.

The stocks must be declared in kilograms. If determining the weight involves particular difficulties, as for built-in metal parts, then a conscientious estimate of the weight or the specification of the item by nature and dimensions suffices.

§ 5. Proper custody and use of the items.

The persons, companies, etc., mentioned in § 2, are responsible for the proper custody and availability of the items subject to mandatory declaration. Finished products (class 19 to 29) that were already in use at the time this regulation came into effect may continue to be used temporarily for the same purpose as before. Items subject to mandatory declaration may only be sold to the "Zentral-Einkaufsgesellschaft für Belgien m. b. H." in Brussels or their authorized agent. Otherwise, use is only permissible with the approval of the office for raw materials management at the department for trade and industry (Rohstoffverwaltungsstelle der Abteilung für Handel und Gewerbe), Kunstherlevingslaan, 30. Any use of the declared items that results in the removal of contained metal is prohibited.

§ 6. Penal provisions.

Up to 5 years imprisonment and a fine of up to 20,000 marks may be imposed, or one of these penalties:
a) For failing to make the required stock declaration, or intentionally or negligently making false or incomplete declaration;
b) For violating § 5 provisions by selling, removing or disposing of items listed in § 1 in ways other than authorized;
c) For breaching this regulation in any other way.

An attempt is also punishable.

Apart from punishment, the item related to the breach can be confiscated.

Appeals are to be directed to the German military and military authorities.

Brussels, July 8, 1916.

The Governor-General in Belgium, Generaloberst.