Announcements from the German General Government.

VIENNA, May 22. The government yesterday afternoon handed over to the Italian ambassador, in response to Italy's communication regarding the termination of the Triple Alliance treaty, a reply note, the conclusion of which reads: "The Imperial and Royal Government cannot take notice of the declaration of the Italian Government by which it claims its complete freedom of action and considers its alliance treaty with Austria-Hungary null and void and no longer in effect. This declaration is clearly contrary to the obligations Italy solemnly entered into by the treaty of December 5, 1912. This treaty established the duration of our alliance until July 8, 1920; stipulated that it had to be denounced one year in advance and provided for neither denunciation nor nullification within this timeframe. Since the Italian government is arbitrarily disregarding all these obligations, the Imperial and Royal Government rejects responsibility for the consequences that might result from this."

VIENNA, May 23. (Official report from yesterday). In central Galicia, battles continue. The allied troops have retained the territory regained so far, despite all Russian attacks. Our slow-moving operations advance daily. On the Prut front, it is generally quiet. The enemy's attempt to reach the southern bank at Bojan, east of Czernowitz, failed and cost them heavy losses. In the Kielce highlands, the enemy, after stubborn fighting, is retreating further in a northeasterly direction.

CONSTANTINOPLE, May 22. The Great Headquarters reports: Yesterday on the Dardanelles front, only weak infantry and artillery skirmishes took place. Two English armored cruisers shelled our infantry positions on the European and Asian coasts. One of these cruisers was hit twice by our coastal batteries, first fled into the bay of Morte and then left the strait. There is nothing to report from the other battlefields.

LONDON, May 22. (Reuter report.) The sailing ship "Glenholm" from Liverpool was torpedoed yesterday 15 miles southwest of Berehaven. The crew is saved.

The General Government in Belgium.