Announcements from the German General Government.

VIENNA, 19 June. (Official report from yesterday.)

Russian Theater of Operations.

North of Sieniawa, the pursuit advanced our troops into Russian territory, where they reached the heights north of Kreszow, as well as the lowlands of the Tanew and occupied Tarnograd. The Russian force stationed between the lower San and the Vistula is also retreating at various points. Cieszanow and the heights north of this place were captured. Significant Russian forces have occupied new positions in the mountainous region east of Niemirow, as well as in the vicinity of Janow. Fighting is taking place on the Wereszyca. Our troops have gained a foothold at some points southeast of this river. South of the upper Dniester, the Russians had to abandon their positions near Litynia after fierce fighting and retreat to Kolodruby. In the pursuit, our troops reached the mouth of the Wereszyca. Otherwise, the situation at the Dniester remains unchanged. The eastern wing of General Pflanzer's army repelled eight Russian assaults between the Prut and Dniester yesterday with heavy Russian losses. The enemy, who used all possible forces to push our troops back in Bukovina, suffered heavy losses under our artillery fire and fled. 8 officers and 1,002 soldiers were captured, and 3 machine guns were seized.

Italian Theater of Operations.

The latest offensive movements on the Isonzo brought the Italians as little advantage as before. Our brave Dalmatian troops repelled an Italian brigade at Plava the night before last. Again yesterday, the enemy attacked without more success. On the battlefield, two Piedmontese brigades and a militia regiment were observed in wartime condition. The Italians suffered severe losses here, as well as in the Krn region. New enemy attacks in the Plocken area and on Monte Coste were also repelled.

LONDON, 17 June. (Reuter report.) The English steamship "Trafford," traveling from Cork to Sydney, was sunk by a German submarine in the Irish Sea yesterday. The crew is safe.

LONDON, 17 June. Lloyd's reports from Milfordhaven: The English steamship "Strathnairn" (2,812 net tons), en route from Penarth to Archangel, was torpedoed last night near the coast of Pembrokeshire. The captain and 12 men drowned.

THE HAGUE, 17 June. "Nieuwe Courant" writes: It is officially reported: Yesterday a Zeppelin appeared over the northeastern coast of England and dropped bombs, causing some fires which could be extinguished. 15 people were injured.

The General Government in Belgium.