Announcements from the German General Government.

VIENNA, June 17. (Official report from yesterday.)

Russian battlefield.

The Russians could not stop the general attack of the allied armies in Galicia, despite their most stubborn resistance. The remnants of the defeated Russian army corps retreat, pursued by our victorious troops, over Cewkow, Lubaczow, and Jaworow. South of the Lemberg line, the army of Boehm-Ermolli stormed the Russian positions across the entire front last night and drove the enemy back over Sadowa-Wisznia and Rudki. To the south of the Dniester, fighting is taking place in the areas in front of the bridgeheads. The troops of the army under Pflanzer occupied Nizniow yesterday morning. The battles and fights fought so far in the month of June yielded rich spoils. From June 1st to the 15th, these amounted to a total of: 108 officers, 122,300 lower ranks as prisoners, 53 cannons, 187 machine guns, and 58 ammunition wagons.

Italian battlefield.

The Italians again attempted attacks here and there. However, they were driven back everywhere; this was the case at the Isonzo near Monfalcone, Sagrado, and Plava, in the area east of Plocken (on the border of Carinthia), and near Peutelstein in the Tyrolean border strip.

CONSTANTINOPLE, June 15. The headquarters reports: On the Dardanelles front, our artillery positioned opposite Ari Burnu, on the morning of June 13, destroyed the positions the enemy had just built for his mortars and machine gun emplacements. Our well-directed artillery fire caused a fire behind the enemy trenches that lasted half an hour. During the night of June 13 to 14, one of our small reconnaissance patrols penetrated the enemy trenches at Sedd-ul-Bahr, where it captured a machine gun with all its accessories, 15 rifles with bayonets, and a large quantity of cartridges. Yesterday, one of our aviators flew over the islands of Imbros and Lemnos and dropped bombs on an enemy camp on Lemnos. Our coastal batteries yesterday shelled the artillery positions at Sedd-ul-Bahr and the anchorage of the enemy's transport ships. In the course of the same day, an aviator took off over our batteries, to whose well-directed fire he is almost daily exposed; he dropped 7 bombs without causing the slightest damage. From the other battlefields, there is nothing to report.

CONSTANTINOPLE, June 17. According to reliable reports, on June 9, a large enemy warship sunk between the island of Kalymnos and the Asian coast as a result of an explosion. The reports have not yet been officially confirmed.

The General Government in Belgium.