"Communications from the German General-Government.

BERLIN, June 21. (Official report from this afternoon.)

Western front.

On the front north of Arras, the enemy mainly used artillery. Only north of Souchez, an infantry attack followed, which we repelled. The French's nocturnal forward movement towards our position west of Moulin-sous-Touvent, southwest of Soissons, failed. On the western edge of the Argonne, we went on the offensive. Wurttemberg and north German militias stormed, over a front width of 2 kilometers, various consecutive defensive lines and inflicted enormous losses on the French in their futile counter-attack. In this action, we captured 6 officers with 623 men and took 3 machine guns and 3 trench mortars. On the Meuse Heights:

In the evening, the French made 5 vigorous attacks on our positions at Grande Tranchée, west of Les Éparges; all were halted west of the road by our fire. East of the road, the enemy reached points in our position; however, he has already partially been expelled and left 70 prisoners in our hands. Northwest of Lunéville, we had to withdraw our outposts, who held out near Condrexon, for a superior enemy to the main position, northeast of this place. In the Vosges, enemy attacks in the Fecht Valley and south of it were repulsed bloodily. During the night, we voluntarily evacuated Metzeral, which was destroyed by French artillery, to save futile losses.

Eastern front.

In the region northwest of Šiauliai and west of the upper Dubissa, some Russian attacks failed, some of which were undertaken with considerable forces.

Southeastern front.

The armies of General von Mackensen continue their offensive movement towards Lemberg and Lolkiew. Rawa Ruska is in our possession. German troops attacked and defeated the enemy west of Rawa Ruska yesterday. On June 19 and 20, nearly 9,500 Russians were captured on the battlefield between Janów and north of Magierów, and 8 guns and 26 machine guns captured.

VIENNA, June 21. (Official report from yesterday.)

Italian front.

Also yesterday, the Isonzo front was quiet again after we easily repelled very weak Italian attacks at Plava, Ronchi, and Monfalcone. Here and near the border, enemy artillery fires without effect on our fortifications. The attacks, which the enemy undertook with at least a brigade on our positions east of the Fassa Valley and which, as already mentioned, were repelled everywhere, cost him heavy losses. In front of one single support point of ours, 175 bodies lay."