VI Announcements of the Government.

VIENNA, 25 June. (Official report of yesterday.)

Russian battlefield.

In Eastern Galicia, the general situation has not changed. East and northeast of Lemberg, strong Russian rear guards are being fought. At the Dniester, Mikolajow and Zydaczow were captured. Downstream from this last city, the allied troops, in stubborn battles, have reached the northern bank of the Dniester at several locations. The enemy is retreating further between the Vistula and San. North of the Vistula, Russian rear guards were pushed back to beyond Amienna. Our troops have occupied Ores and Sandomierz.

Italian battlefield.

Our troops repelled an attack by a significant Italian force near the Klemen Pass, on the Carinthian border. Otherwise, military operations here and on the Tyrolean border were limited to artillery skirmishes. Calm prevails in the Krn area. At the Isonzo, a fierce artillery battle is raging. At Gradisca and Monfalcone, the Italians stormed in vain.

CONSTANTINOPLE, 23 June. The General Headquarters reports: Our troops, operating in the direction of Olty, launched numerous attacks and pushed the strong Russian right wing located there further east. As a result, important enemy positions and rich booty fell into our hands. Recently captured Russians stated that in Russia, men aged 50 are already being called to arms and equipped with Berdan rifles, and that the new recruits, as well as the population of more than one area, have opposed the war. On the Dardanelles front, the enemy repeatedly attacked our southern position near Sedd-el-Bahr on the morning of 21 June. He was aided by his heavy-caliber artillery and the recently arrived reinforcements; these attacks, which continued until midnight, completely failed nevertheless. The enemy was driven back to his old positions with enormous losses. On 20 June, a section of our batteries north of Ari Burnu damaged two large enemy transport ships patrolling in this area; as a result, they were forced to withdraw. On the morning of 21 June, our artillery fire destroyed a gun emplacement the enemy was fortifying. From the other fronts, there is nothing special to report.

BERLIN, 24 June. On 22 May, a German aircraft in the Baltic Sea, 25 nautical miles east of Gotland, bombed a Russian submarine, presumably of the Akula-type. At the time, it could not be determined if it was hit; but now it is admitted from the Russian side that the submarine is lost.