Regarding the declaration and trade

of bed, house, and table linen.

Article 1.

Items to which this ordinance applies.

Must, according to further provisions of this ordinance, be declared:

All quantities of unused, currently in use, or previously used bed, house, and table linens of whichever type, white or colored, found on the day of issuance of this ordinance (test day) throughout the entire area of the General Government that are used for covering or protecting beds in institutions providing accommodation, or otherwise intended for use in inns, dining establishments, households, and kitchens, especially bedspreads, blankets, sheets, towels, napkins, tablecloths, and dish towels.

Article 2.

Persons to whom this ordinance applies.

All enterprises and establishments for public benefit, intended either to accommodate people or sell food and beverages for on-site consumption, such as hotels, hostels, boarding houses, food, drink and coffee houses, restaurants, shipping companies, club and society premises, health and convalescence facilities, educational institutions, seminaries, boarding schools, etc., are obliged to submit a declaration.

All natural and legal persons, and all commercial and industrial enterprises of private and public legal nature, including municipal and ecclesiastical institutions that lend, rent, process, or otherwise keep in custody bed, house, and table linens used in the businesses and enterprises listed in paragraph 1, e.g., laundries, linen lending institutions, and sewing facilities, are also obliged to declare.

Article 3.

Declaration of available quantities.

The declaration must be made no later than December 24, 1917, at the "Militärisches Textilbeschaffungsamt," Quatre-Brasstraße, 13, in Brussels, using the prescribed declaration form. The items for which a report is required must be specified separately according to type. Forms are available from the "Militärisches Textilbeschaffungsamt" or the competent "Kreischefs" and "Abschnittskommandanturen". They must be filled out in such a way as to provide an overview of the type and quantity of the available items.

Article 4.

Regulations concerning purchases.

The "Militärisches Textilbeschaffungsamt" has the right to purchase the items to be declared at the factory price prevailing in Belgium on July 25, 1914, plus an allowance of up to 100%.

If no private purchase agreement is reached, the items in question may be expropriated. In such case, the seller receives a receipt and compensation is determined by the National Commission for the Regulation of Compensations (Reichsentschädigungskommission).

For businesses mainly serving to accommodate German soldiers and civilians, the purchase will be made after consultation with the relevant local Command.

Article 5.

Use and preservation of the items.

As long as the provisions of Article 4 allow, the regulations of this ordinance permit the regular use of the items to be declared within one's own business and allow linen lending institutions to continue their operations in a regular manner.

Otherwise, it is prohibited to legally dispose of or transport the items to be declared or to make any modifications to them, except those considered normal wear and tear resulting from the usage allowed under paragraph 1.

Owners are required to carefully preserve and properly handle the items.

Article 6.

Proper bookkeeping.

Every person required to submit a declaration must keep a business book about the items listed in Article 1, in such a way that it always provides an overview of the declared used and unused items in possession of the interested party.

Military and civilian authorities' representatives have the right to inspect the business books and storage facilities to verify compliance with these regulations.

Article 7.

Additional declarations to be made.

The items to be declared, which come into custody by the businesses and persons mentioned in Article 2 after the test day by purchase or otherwise, must be declared by the first of the following month, and for the first time on February 1, 1918.

They are subject to the same provisions as items that were already in custody of those businesses on the test day.

Article 8.

Invalidation of previous exemptions.

The obligations imposed by this ordinance also remain in effect when the items in question themselves or the materials, finished and semi-finished products, from which they are made, were exempted based on previous ordinances or decisions.

Article 9.

Penal provisions.

Anyone who intentionally or negligently violates the provisions of this ordinance is punishable by a maximum of 2 years imprisonment and a fine of up to 25,000 marks or one of these penalties. Furthermore, in all cases, confiscation of the items involved in the punishable act may be declared; in cases of intentional violation, confiscation must always be declared.

The provisions of the ordinance of June 17, 1917, extending the penal provisions of ordinances issued in connection with the wartime economy, apply accordingly.

The German military courts and commanders are authorized to render judgments.

Article 10.

The provisions of Articles 4, 5, 7 paragraph 2, and 9, paragraph 1, second sentence of this ordinance do not apply to items that can be proven to have been the property of the Netherlands-Spanish Relief Committee or the National Relief and Food Committee on the test day, or that later come into possession of those committees.

Brussels, November 22, 1917.

The Governor-General in Belgium.

Freiherr von Falkenhausen,

Colonel General.